Hey there kids. It's me, Mr. Creepy
Pasta. And before we get started on
tonight's story, I'm going to let you
know about tonight's author. Tonight's
author is TWW Grim. I'm pretty sure you
guys have seen him before because you
guys have probably listened to more
episodes of Bonesaw Vicks
Cryptozoological Gardens. Well, good
news if you have listened to those
because you can always learn about more
and find out more about Cryptozoological
Gardens from Bonesaw Vic and from TWW
Grim himself. Bonesaw Vick's
Cryptozoological Gardens is available
now on Amazon. It's available on digital
and paperback. So, if you guys like
keeping physical copies of Creepy Pasta
books like I do, it's great news for you
guys. Take a look in the description
down below and you can find a link to
the Amazon purchase page. Get yourself a
copy and listen along. And now on to
tonight's story.
[Music]
True crime has always been a hot topic
across a wide variety of media. People
are morbidly fascinated by the dark side
of human nature to the point where real
life accounts of murder and mayhem have
become their very own genre. It's not
hard to see why people are captivated by
the grim stories recounted in this ever
widening sprawl of books, documentaries,
and podcasts.
In my opinion, this brand of horror is
easily the most frightening kind because
these heinous events and deeds actually
occurred.
They can happen do happen all the time,
every single day. And the victims are
most often regular everyday people
just like you and me.
True crime is by turns shocking, lurid,
and tantalizing entertainment. However,
I can assure you it's a lot different
when you become personally involved in
one of these unsavory tales of madness
and death.
Let me start from the beginning.
Cass and I were on the midnight shift at
the time, which meant that we were
working in the other wing. In my
opinion, the other wing was hands down
the scariest place to work in the whole
zoo. No doubt about it. It housed a
vampire, a succubus, which is a demonic
entity that it's kind of like a vampire
but much much worse, a putrid zombie,
and an 800-year-old skinw walker who was
completely off his rocker on
psychedelics most of the time. But to
me, the most tragically frightening
entity in that wing was the poltergeist.
Now, her name was Catherine.
When she was just 7 years old, Catherine
was murdered in the drawing room of her
own home.
She was decapitated and left to bleed on
the floor by an unknown asalent.
Catherine's murder was never solved, and
she became yet another obscure footnote
in the big book of human misery.
Tragedy struck yet again after her death
through the fault of her own. Her grief
and fury doomed the poor thing to an
eternal existence as a poltergeist.
This particular brand of spiritual
entity has the ability to manipulate
physical objects, and they're notorious
for their tendency to violently lash out
against the living. For the most part,
they lack the psychic energy to do more
than just open the cupboard doors and
knock over a few dishes. Catherine,
however, was a rather extreme exception.
Her spirit was rightful of piss and
vinegar. By the time I started working
for Vic at the zoo, she was officially
responsible for three grizzly deaths,
four mental breakdowns, and dozens of
physical injuries.
These ranged in severity from scratches
and slight bruising to crippling
compound fractures,
internal bleeding.
Long story short, Catherine was no joke.
She could kill you and she would kill
you. And most important of all, she
actively wanted to kill you. The only
way to ensure your safety was to watch
her every movement in the reflection of
a silverbacked mirror.
As long as you could see her in the
mirror, she would be rendered unable to
attack. The second you lost track of her
in the mirror,
you were in very deep [__]
Needless to say, the caretakers only
entered her habitat if it was absolutely
necessary. Seeing as how she was a
ghost, there wasn't much you could do
for her anyway. One of us would pop in
to do some quick vacuuming and dusting
every few weeks. That was about it. Poor
angry little Catherine absolutely did
not want any interaction with the living
until I came along.
All prior attempts at communication had
been unsuccessful. Catherine would just
stand there and hold her severed head in
the air, silently glaring at the
interloper with murder in her eyes.
That all changed in the wee hours of a
Tuesday night shift.
For the first time in 8 years that she'd
been at the zoo,
Catherine spoke to someone.
And the person she chose to speak to was
none other than yours truly,
Billy Whitebread. the caretaker's
assistant.
This is the story of how Casemir and I
teamed up to solve the mystery of
Catherine's murder.
Pull up a chair, make yourself a drink.
You're probably going to need it.
The whole thing started because I was
volunteered against my will to clean up
her habitat by Cass, who was in a
particularly bad mood that night. He
peered through the observation window
and grunted, "Go fetch a feather duster
and the vacuum from the supply closet.
Her habitat is filthy. I can barely even
see through the glass." I snapped, "Oh,
[__] that shit." and started whining
about how it wasn't fair. It was obvious
no one had bothered to do it since the
last time Kaz and I had been on the
midnight shift. All the horizontal
surfaces were covered in a noticeable
layer of furryl looking dust.
Many things in life are not fair, Cass
said in a condescending tone. It is not
fair that certain people are obscenely
rich while many others are very poor. It
is not fair that good people die young
and so many bad people live to see their
golden years. And yes, it is not fair
that it must be you who cleans the
poltergeist's habitat once again.
However, I am in a foul mood tonight,
and I do not give a [__]
Go get the damn feather duster," I
growled. "Fuck you, too, Rasputin." But
I stomped over to a supply closet and
did as I was told. It was our second
week of a particularly grueling block of
midnight shifts, and we were both grumpy
and tired. However, one of us was a
former special forces agent, and it
certainly wasn't me. He was also
technically my immediate superior, but
neither of us cared about that anymore.
At that point, we were both just trying
to remain unseen in an increasingly
volatile environment. As I recall, that
week was a rough one in general. It
started with two people getting killed
by Salvatore, the vampire. The incident
was done and over before anyone could
even begin to react. The film crew were
working with S and his habitat that
night. One of the caretakers who were
acting as zoo ambassadors that week had
gotten distracted by the filming
process. It was only a few brief
moments, but that was long enough for
Sal to capture the mind of the boom
operator.
The assistant turned around just in time
to see the boom operator throw his
silver chain onto the floor.
And then all hell broke loose. The
starving vampire slammed into him like a
freight train, and the poor guy's blood
was splashed across the wall in a hot
spray of crimson. The assistant panicked
and jumped on S from behind, making him
scream in agony as the silver chain
pressed into the vampire's back.
Salvador flung the would-be rescuer
across the entire length of the room,
and he slammed into the opposite wall
with brutal force. All of his internal
organs disintegrated on impact, along
with the majority of his bones.
The best thing you could say about the
entire mess was that both victims died
almost instantly. When the security team
made their entry 70 seconds later, they
could barely identify the bodies as
being human. The boom operator's body
was in the worst shape of the two dead
men. His remains had been completely
torn apart. He was literally rendered
limb from limb during the attack.
Salvador was standing nearby, dripping
with blood from head to toe. According
to the other caretaker who was present
in the room, as the rescue team backed
him into a corner with their squirt
guns, Sal kept moaning. That was so
[__] good. So [__] good.
All the other crew members who were
present that night immediately quit.
They stormed out into the parking lot.
One of Victor's security goons made them
go back inside at gunpoint. During the
ensuring uproar, phone calls were made
to both Victor and Nick Mcnite, the
film's director. Nick and Victor arrived
at the zoo at almost the same time. They
got into a heated argument in the lobby,
which rapidly turned into a furious
screaming match. Vic ended up pinning
the director to a wall by his throat. It
took four people to pry him off. Vic and
Nick to shout at each other as Victor
was dragged away by two of his own men,
who he repeatedly referred to as a
couple of dime store [__] as he
disappeared from view.
2 minutes later, they were having a
drink together in Vic's office, talking
and laughing like a couple of old
friends. I guess Victor had finally met
someone who was as narcissistic and
self-centered as himself. They came out
to the lobby together and announced that
work would continue on as scheduled. The
crew started to yell at them both and
Victor silenced him by brandishing a
pistol.
He bellowed, "Yeah, I don't I don't want
to hear any more about it. You people
better shut the hell up and quit your
[__] belly aching. You got to get
your [__] asses back in there right
now. Get back in there. Make my [__]
movie, [__] right now."
Everyone scrambled to obey, Casemir and
myself included. The atmosphere around
the zoo was thick with fear and paranoia
for the next few days.
Victor didn't come back, but Nick made a
point to stop in every night and hang
around for a while. Outwardly, he seemed
cool, worldly, sophisticated, but Nick
Mcnite emanated a sleasball vibe that I
simply
quickly decided I wouldn't trust that
guy as far as I could throw him.
He was a golden snake in the grass, a
silver tongue son of a [__] with zero
empathy for his fellow human beings.
Long story short, everyone was in a bad
mood that week, including Casemir.
This state of affairs was pretty much
normal for Cass, though. He was in dow
humor more often than not, regardless of
what was happening around him. And
tonight, he was also being something of
a bossy [__] to boot. Not a good
combo to say the least. I came back from
the supply room with a feather duster
under my arm and the vacuum dragging
along behind me. I stealed myself for a
crusty response. I sighed. Hey, Cass.
Can I borrow your mirror? Mine was in my
utility belt when I came in tonight.
Seems to have gone missing. Cass rolled
his eyes at me. He shoved his mirror
into my hands and rumbled, "It is not my
responsibility to ensure you are
properly equipped. Where did it go?" I
snorted. If I knew where it went, it
wouldn't be missing, would it? Stop
being such a dick. Do you want to
volunteer to go in yourself? You
wouldn't have to part with your precious
mirror.
I am tired, Cass muttered. I'm tired of
monsters, tired of Victor, tired of the
film crew, and I am also growing tired
of Billy Whitebread.
I'm tired of everything.
I snapped. You know what, man? I'm also
tired. That's right. It isn't just you,
my man. I'm tired. I'm stressed out like
a [__] and I've really been
regretting some of my recent life
choices. So, let's play nice and just,
you know, try to get through another
night of babysitting the [__] ghouls.
Cass stepped back and said, "I think you
should resume your habit of smoking
marijuana.
You seem very tense."
I pointedly ignored him and punched in
the door code. The pneumatic bolts drew
back with a high-pitched worring sound,
followed by a series of dull clunks as
they slid back in sequence. I gave
myself a moment to repair for what was
waiting on the other side of the door.
Try as I might, I couldn't seem to get
used to Catherine and her,
well, it was mostly the fact that she
carried her own head around like a
basketball.
I guess it was bad enough that her neck
ended in a stump, but poor Catherine's
head wasn't missing. She carried the
[__] thing around in her arms, and
that was somehow far worse.
I saw her favorite rocking chair
creaking back and forth on the far side
of the room, but I checked in the mirror
to make sure she was there just in case.
It was her. All right. Sitting in her
childsized rocking chair with her head
in her lap.
I hastily dusted the furniture and
vacuumed the carpet, keeping a close eye
on Catherine in the mirror the entire
time. She watched my every movement from
her vantage point on her own lap. Her
face contorted with murderous rage. He
was seriously disturbing, and I didn't
like it one bit. I just got done
vacuuming when Catherine decided it was
time to break her silence. As I was
unplugging the power cord from the wall
outlet, Catherine hopped out of her
chair and walked over to the vacuum. She
pulled out the bag and much to my
dismay, she tore it open, dumping the
contents all over the bare floorboards
beside the carpet. I groaned, "What the
[__] is that all about? Come on, give me
a break over here."
cradling her head under one wispy arm.
Catherine knelt down
and traced something in the dust with
her free hand.
When she was finished, she backed away
from the dirt pile and beckoned me with
a curled finger.
I turned to the speaker on the wall and
called out, "Are you seeing this, Cass?"
She ripped open the vacuum bag and wrote
something in the dust. I I think she
wants me to look at it.
Kazz's voice cracked over the speaker.
Go see what it is.
I looked at the dead girl's message in
the dust.
And I felt the prickle of sudden goose
flesh popping up on the back of my neck.
In straggling lines of printed block
letters,
Catherine had written,
"The person
cut
my neck."
Beneath this, the dead girl had scrolled
two small and completely devastating
words with her ghostly fingertips.
"It hurts."
I stared at those two words with
mounting horror.
I whispered,
"Fucking hell."
I made eye contact with Catherine in the
mirror and I asked her, "Who did this to
you? Which person are you talking
about?"
Her lips moved,
but no sound came out.
She drifted closer and I backed away to
give her plenty of room.
As I stood there and watched, three more
words appeared in the dust.
The bookman.
I didn't understand what that meant, but
I was chilled to the bone.
Catherine's palled little face was
giving me a pleading look from between
her hands.
I shook my head and murmured, "I I don't
I don't know who that is."
Her face scrunched up in frustration.
She suddenly whirled around and threw a
wooden chair across the room and burst
against the wall with a loud bang and a
shower of splinters. She let out a
silent scream and then she crumpled onto
the floor and faded away.
Cass hit the intercom button and asked,
"What does it say?" I muttered. The
person cut my neck. Then she wrote, "It
hurts."
When I asked her who the person was, she
wrote, "The bookman."
Cass took a few seconds to absorb the
information.
He clicked the switch again and said, "I
wonder who this bookman is. I wonder if
he faced justice when he was still
alive."
I croked. I don't know, but I I kind of
doubt it. I have a feeling that's the
reason Catherine's still stomping around
on this side of the horizon. I mean, the
thing is, too much times passed between
then and now. It's It's too late.
Near the end of the shift, I suddenly
realized that maybe it wasn't too late.
I thought about it as I drifted off to
sleep in the morning.
And when I came back in for my shift
that evening,
I had a plan.
I knew how I could release Catherine
from her suffering.
With the help of Falling Sky, I
I could solve her murder.
[Music]
Cass was unimpressed by my plan. He
bluntly told me, "This is a fool's
errand. Even if you identify her killer,
what will happen then? Are you going to
have him arrested? He is long in his
grave. The police cannot put handcuffs
on a spirit. What do you hope to
achieve?"
I ran my hands through my hair and
sighed. Well, I I hope it'll put her at
peace. I think
I think she needs someone from the land
of the living to recognize these awful
things that happened to her. And she
needs someone to name this sick [__] who
did it. Even the bookman can't be
punished. I mean, someone needs to know
his name, you know?
Do you get what I mean? She deserves
that much, doesn't she? So does he. Even
if they're both already gone.
Cass had a sour expression on his face,
but I could see that my large Russian
friend had understood me just fine. He
crossed his arms over his chest and
said, "If you feel you must do this
thing, I will not stop you. Only one of
us can enter the habitat at a time, so I
will keep watch from the window. Do as
you like, but I will never set foot in
the spirit world again. Not until my
last breath passes my lips.
I nodded and said, "Fair enough, big
fella. The film crew is supposed to be
over in the aviary wing tonight, so we
shouldn't have any interruptions. If
someone does come around, just act like
you're an angry Soviet bastard. Glare at
them till they go away. You know, just
be yourself."
I found Falling Sky over on the far side
of his habitat. He was beating the [__]
out of a cactus with a war club. He
grinned at me, sweat rolling down his
chest from exertion, and he waved the
club in the air. He panted. I like to
keep my skills sharp.
He took a few swings at the cactus,
which had been left in a broken state
from the onslaught of his club. The
skinwalker dropped the club in the sand
and asked, "What brings you here
tonight, little brother? You have a
troubled look on your face. I mean, you
always look troubled, but you look even
more troubled tonight than usual.
I asked him, "Do you know about
Catherine? Her her habitat's just like a
few doors down from yours."
Falling Sky gave me a somber nod. "Yes,
of course. She's an angry soul who
cannot find her way to the spirit world.
It's very tragic. Life is often cruel.
So is death."
I let her a deep sigh and said, "Well,
she kind of asked me to solve her murder
last night. I I mean in a roundabout
way.
I don't think she can talk. Anyway, this
is definitely a cold case situation, but
I've I got this crazy idea how it might
be possible to figure it out. So, her
killer is definitely dead by now, right?
As long as this guy didn't become a
restless spirit himself, he's probably
kicking around somewhere in the spirit
world. Technically, it could be possible
to go there and find him.
falling sky raised an eyebrow at this
and he chuckled.
The spirit world is bigger than you can
imagine. It It contains everyone and
everything that's ever lived beneath the
sky. He could wander for 200 years and
never find this man. Don't even know his
name. I scoffed at his negativity and
countered, "Well, I know Catherine's
name for him. She called him the
bookman. It's a start, right?"
The skinwalker gave me a patronizing
smile. He patted my shoulder and said,
"That depends heavily on two things.
One, if you could fully open your mind,
and two, if the universe deems you
worthy of a helping hand. There are many
billions of spirits on the other side.
It'll be like searching for a single
leaf in a vast forest."
I rubbed my temples and grunted. She
She told me it still hurts.
hund and some odd years later and
it still hurts
every day, every night, every single
second for over a century. That
really got under my skin, you know? I
can't stop thinking about it. This guy,
he needs to be brought to justice.
However it may play out in the end, it
it doesn't matter. We have to try.
Sounds like you're speaking for the both
of us. falling sky noted in a dry tone.
I think perhaps you can only speak for
yourself.
I closed my eyes and massaged my temples
again. It's getting a headache. I
muttered, "What else are you doing right
now? You're going to go smack the [__]
out of another cactus with your war
club?" "I'm willing to drink another mug
of that horrible tea if you could
possibly help this girl. Just thinking
about it makes my stomach turn. But I'm
willing to do it. What's your excuse?
A slow grin spread across his face.
Falling sky clapped me on the shoulder
again and boomed. You have a pure soul,
Billy Whitebred. I can't let such a
brave warrior faces evil alone. Well,
eagle or bear. Which do you choose? I
grimaced at him and snapped. Look, you
can come along or stay here, but I'm not
going to take on the form of an animal.
It's a bunch of pseudo spiritual
horseshit. Don't be such a corny
douchebag. This isn't a movie. Going to
the spirit world is serious business,
isn't it? Falling Sky smirked at me and
said, "You don't even know what to do
when you get there, but now you're
suddenly an expert."
How can anything be serious when your
name is Billy Wheat Bread? I gave him
the side eye and grumbled, "The name's
Billy White bread." "Okay, I don't call
you sinking clouds or something, do I?"
"Yeah, you you didn't like that, did
you? I could kill you in a heartbeat.
The skinwalker muttered and he started
stomping over to his hogan.
Don't forget that. I could turn into a
mountain lion and rip your face off.
I gave my new friend a strange smile and
said, "Stop grumbling and make the tea.
You've got a murder to solve."
The tea was just as awful as the first
time. I squirmed and gagged and wiped
tears from my eyes. But at the end, I
managed to keep it down.
The habitat fell away into a thick
rolling mist.
We had arrived. I gave Falling Sky an
annoyed look and asked, "Can you please
change back into a human being? You
don't need to be a bear right now, do
you? It's not helpful. Falling sky shot
back a quavering falsetto. Oh, can you
please change back into your human
being? It's not helpful. I rolled my
eyes and said, "Quit being a tool. It's
just kind of weird and unnecessary,
that's all." He snapped. Mind your own
business, Billy Cornbread. I'd rather be
a bear than a pasty white cry monkey.
Okie dokie, [__] Real mature.
Fine. Go ahead, be a stupid bear. Hell,
turn into a freaking pelican. That's
what makes you happy. [__] you're so
weird. The skinw walker gave me a
baleful look and said, "Better to be
weird than normal. Normal people will
never know the joy of taking a [__] when
you're flapping your wings at 4,000 ft."
Just sticking your backside into the
abyss, letting it rain down. No, that is
freedom.
He started to amble away in some random
direction. I called out, "Where are you
going?" Falling Sky looked over his
shoulder and yelled back, "How the heck
should I know? This is your adventure,
not mine. All I know is if you're trying
to find something, you have to look for
it. That's what I'm doing."
I muttered, "Sure enough." And I
followed him into the roing mist.
As we plotted along through the dull and
featureless landscape, I found myself
having second thoughts about the
viability of this plan.
Was I wrong?
Was this actually a stupid [__] idea?
For some unknown reason, I had imagined
I'd be stumbling across a series of
clues in a cast of zany characters,
encountering danger and intrigue as I
navigated through a fantasy landscape.
This, however, was the exact opposite.
There were no clues, no zany characters,
no fantasy landscape. It was just a
whole lot of thick gray fog everywhere I
looked.
It was excruciatingly boring and it
sucked. It was the polar opposite of an
adventure. I tapped Falling Sky on his
fluffy hind quarters and muttered, "I
think you were right, man. How are we
supposed to find anything in this fog?"
The skinwalker looked back at me with a
shocked expression.
He growled, "Did you just touch my ass?"
I sputtered, "What? No, I I mean, yeah,
but I did. Oh, don't you look at me like
that." I wasn't thinking of it as your
ass. It's like, you know, it's a big
round bear butt, not a human butt. It's
different. His eyes narrowed and he
rumbled, "Not to me, it isn't." "Hands
off my bare butt, Billy. Who's the weird
one now? I threw my hands up and yelled,
"Fine. I won't touch your ass anymore."
Happy. Look, I'm starting to think that
maybe you are right. Okay, this was a
waste of time. There's nothing for miles
except for this shitty fog and like
nothing else at all. This This is
[__] Falling sky gave me a pitying
look, which was very strange expression
to see on the face of a bear. He
snorted, "What fog? I see the sun, the
blue sky, a grassy plane that stretches
for days in every direction. I think
you're seeing the fog of your own
clouded mind, little brother. You have
to let go of reality. Throw it aside.
Fall into the abyss.
I closed my eyes and I imagine I was
clinging to a rope.
The world of normal things loomed above
and the world of the fantastic lurked
below.
I imagined the coarse texture of the
rope against my palms and the strain in
my arms from suspending my body weight
above the abyss. And then I imagined
letting go of the rope and plummeting
into thin air, tumbling headlong into a
place where space and time were
meaningless. It was frightening, but it
was also exhilarating.
And I opened my eyes.
The fog was gone.
I was standing on a street corner
somewhere in the distant past. I watched
as milling crowds of men wearing dark
suits rushed into their various
destinations, interspersed with women
shuffling along in their tight corsets
and bustle skirts. A shoe shine stand
was set up nearby, and a tiny scrap of a
kid who was maybe 8 years old was
buffing a man's shoes as he read the
newspaper. No one seemed to notice the
long-haired young man in a Kevlar suit.
And they also failed to notice the bear
standing beside him.
I whispered, "Can't they see us?
Are we invisible?"
Falling Sky murmured back, "They aren't
really here. They're asking the universe
to help you, and this is how it
responded. It's like watching a movie,
but you weren't sitting in the
audience."
I gave him a surprised look and said, "I
didn't think you'd know about movies.
Aren't you like 800 years old? The
skinwalker grunted. I wasn't captured
until 1988. I saw a lot of movies. I saw
Robocop in the theater. I wandered over
to the shoe shine stand and peered at
the headlines in the man's newspaper. It
was an article about the new president,
a former governor of New York named
Grover Cleveland. The date on the first
page of the newspaper was June 27th,
1885.
I looked back at falling sky and he
shouted to be heard over the clamor of
an approaching street car. I hollered,
"I'm pretty sure this is my city, but
it's over a hundred years in the past. I
think I recognize that building down the
street, still standing there now in the
present time." The man sitting in the
shoe shine chair lowered his newspaper,
revealing a sunken eyed man sporting a
top hat and a heavy mustache. His eyes
were watery and bloodshot. He folded the
paper in his lap and said, "I would
originally wish you a good day, sir, but
I'm afraid I have no good wishes to give
on this horrible day. I put my only
child into the ground this morning. She
now lies in the cemetery down at St.
Michael's Church."
I stood there and gked at him
until a horsepowered street car
squealled its way past.
When it was gone, I stammered. Are you
Catherine's father?
I am, he replied in a weary tone. She
was murdered in my home now. They
suspect it was I who carried out this
terrible deed.
I'm innocent. My heart can take no more.
These are my last moments on this earth.
The shoe shine boy chirped. All done,
mister. And Catherine's father handed
him a few coins. He slowly rose to his
feet and turned to look at me. His face
drawn into a grimace of unbearable
heartache. He murmured, "Must find the
fiend who killed her and must put him
into justice. I beg you, sir. Release my
angel from her suffering." I gripped his
arm and gently asked, "Do you have any
idea who could have done this? Do you
remember anything that could help me
find this guy?"
He leaned closer and whispered, "Mark my
words, sir. Beware any man who believes
he is pure."
Catherine's father abruptly shuffled
across the street. A broken human being
with no desire to continue.
I watched as he started talking to a
beat cop who was standing on the
opposite corner. His voice was drowned
out by the approach of another oncoming
street car, but the cop started to look
alarmed by his words. Just before the
street car passed between us, the
grieving man pulled a revolver out of
his coat and he put the barrel against
his temple. I screamed, "Don't do it!"
But I was over a hundred years too late.
I was witnessing an event from the
forgotten past,
and there was nothing I could do to stop
it. I heard the shot
followed by a volley of horrified
shrieks from the witnesses.
When the street car passed out of view,
Catherine's dad was lying in a pool of
blood.
The cop was looking down at him with a
shocked expression on his broad, ruddy
face. I jogged across the street and
waved my hands to get his attention. I
asked him, "What did he say before he
pulled the trigger?"
A very strange thing happened as soon as
I spoke to the beat cop. As soon as he
heard my voice, he appeared to step out
of the scene, for lack of a better
description, and his facial expression
turned neutral. It was pretty jarring
and a family Christmas gathering many
years ago. I sat down with the kids and
tried to play one of these new fangled
modern video games. My interactions with
the non-playable characters reminded me
strongly of the beat cop. The way the
characters just stopped what they were
doing and focused on me was unnervingly
similar. The cop answered in a neutral
tone.
He said he was innocent, sir, and then
he said something about a wolf who
dressed as a shepherd. I didn't catch it
all because of the street car.
I mumbled,
"Thank you."
"Okay."
and started to turn away.
I paused and then I turned back to the
cop and asked, "Hey, this might sound
really strange, but are you real? Like,
is everyone here a ghost? Or is it me
who's the ghost?"
He softly answered,
"We're all destined to become ghosts,
sir. The prophecy begins the moment
we're born. It's only a question of how
quickly we'll get there."
I gave him an awkward nod and said,
"Okay, yeah, yeah, good point. Thanks."
He immediately fell back into the
horrifying scene around him as if I no
longer existed. I ran across the street
to join Falling Sky, who was hunkered
down on his hunches, impatiently waiting
my return. I ran my hands through my
hair and gasped. You see that? Holy
[__] man. I I I didn't see that coming
like at all. Well, I guess that rules
out her dad. Perhaps he did it to escape
the misery of his guilt, the skinwalker
pondered. But maybe not. That remains to
be seen. I looked around us and
grumbled, "Now what? What do we go to
next?" Falling Sky stood on his hind
legs and lifted his paws skyward. He
said, "Ask the universe. If she's
feeling kind, maybe she'll give you a
sign.
I shrugged and said, "Well, it can't
hurt, I guess. Hey, universe. I'm trying
to do a good deed over here, but I'm a
little stuck at the moment, you know.
Uh, I don't know what to do next. I need
a sign." As the last words exited my
mouth, the town clock began to toll in
the distance. I pointed in the direction
it was coming from and exclaimed,
"Bells?" So, uh, what has the bell?
Churches have bells. He said they buried
her in the cemetery at St. Michael's
Church. It's probably right there on the
church grounds. I I think the universe
is telling us to go nose around at the
church. I don't know, maybe I'm just
being stupid right now, but I feel like
I'm on the right track. What What do you
think?
Falling Skye's muzzle cracked open a
wide yawn. He treated himself to a big
stretch and then said, "I have no
opinion. I already told you this is not
my adventure. I'll follow, but it's up
to you to lead the way." I grudgingly
said, "Fine. I mean, you're the ancient
witch doctor who regularly visits the
other side, and I'm just some naive kid
who's never even left my home state. But
sure, sure, I'll lead the way." He gave
me a snarky look and muttered. Then
start leading, Billy Whitebred. Go ask
someone where we can find this church.
I shot him a sullen look, then stepped
into the flow of foot traffic at the
side of the street.
I chose some random lady in her stupidly
bulky dress and elaborate bonnet, and I
stopped in front of her as she was
shuffling past. She stopped cold in her
tracks, staring at me with the same,
disturbingly smooth, neutral expression
as the beat cop. I said, "Sorry to
disturb you, ma'am, but me and my
talking bear are looking for St.
Michael's Church. Can you tell me where
it is?"
She didn't even give me a second look.
She just replied, "Yes, of course." she
pointed with a daintily gloved hand.
Just head that way until you hit Elgen
Street. Turn left and it'll be another 5
minutes or so down the street.
I performed a deep bow and said, "Thank
you very kindly, madam." Her face went
blank, and she serenely continued on her
way as if she hadn't just been accosted
by a strange young man and a bear. I
watched her go with a beused look, and I
shook my head. I said, "The falling sky,
I don't know, man. And I just can't see
things the same way I did before I knew
about skin walkers and the water nymphs
and like all this other weird [__] They
say truth is stranger than fiction, but
I'm starting to think they're the same
thing.
I surprised us both with the bitterness
in my voice. Falling Sky asked, "Are you
feeling okay over there, Billy? You
shouldn't be tripping in the spirit
world with a heavy heart. It could be
dangerous." I rubbed my temples and
snapped. I'm fine. Don't worry about it.
Let's go find this church and uh I guess
we'll see what happens.
Falling Sky didn't look convinced, but
he chose to let it go. He said, "And
lead the way, Billy Whitebread. As long
as you understand that something's
waiting for us at the end of our
journey, and you feel it. Someone knows
we're here and they're not very happy
about it."
The skinwalker was right.
I could feel an oppressive force
gathering in the air.
A malignant presence was waiting
somewhere down the line
and it was [__] furious that we were
there.
I murmured it's the book man. He doesn't
want anyone to know his real identity. I
think
I I I think he's scared too.
He's scared to face the justice he
avoided when he was still alive.
Falling Sky nodded his shaggy head in
agreement.
He growled.
I hope we'll be able to deliver that
justice, Billy White.
I hope for it very much.
We could see the spire of the church
reaching into the sky as soon as we
turned the corner. It gave me a murky
tingle of forboding in the pit of my
stomach.
St. Michael's Church was a large,
vaguely menacing structure that covered
most of a city block feature a tower
with a clock, a steeple, and a belfry.
The steeple was capped with a roof
lantern, which in turn had been
outfitted with a lightning rod in the
shape of crucifix.
It looked like a weapon of war,
thrusting with murderous intent into the
underbelly of the clouds.
The longer I looked at the old church,
the more off-kilter details seemed to
jump out at me. None of it was
particularly jarring on its own, but it
all added up to create a unsettling
atmosphere.
Among other things, I spotted a
toddler-sized pair of short pants lying
in a clump of weeds, and someone had
balanced the skull of a large dog on top
of a tombstone. One of the empty eye
sockets had been filled with a chunk of
quartz, giving it a bizarre twinkle in
the muted sunlight.
"This is a bizarre place," Falling Sky
said quietly.
He wrinkled his muzzle back from his
teeth and added, "I'm not very fond of
the man in the black robes.
Never did my people any favors, that's
for sure."
I gave him a sympathetic nod and
murmured. My dad always used to say that
having a religion is like having a
penis. Keep it to yourself. Don't shove
it down anyone else's throat.
I think that about sums it up.
Falling Sky chuckled. Your father's a
wise man. Well, we're here. Let's go
have a look around.
We entered the church grounds and made
our way to the main entrance. The skin
walker sniffing at the cobblestone path
behind me as we approached the front
steps.
He lifted his head and grumbled.
No one has a scent. None of this is
real.
Nothing is alive in this place. But they
aren't spirits either. They're more like
projections, not a screen,
I replied. It's probably good that
nothing has a scent cuz people didn't
wear deodorant back then. Pretty sure
they didn't have to bathe that often
either. Probably still smelled better
than you, though. What do you mean? He
demanded an offended tone. Are you
saying I smell bad? Well, you are a
bear, aren't you? Do the math. You're
just jealous. He huffed indignantly. I
could be anything I want. You can only
be yourself unless you so boring. I pity
you. I grudgingly answered. I'll give
you that one, man. Pretty much stuck
with being myself. Thanks for reminding
me. The interior of the church was
draped in shadows. We slunk along the
main aisle towards the altar, moving
with fertive footsteps and the silent
gloom. As we drew closer, I saw a woman
in a headscarf polishing the prayer desk
with a rag. I whispered to falling sky.
Should I talk to her?
I don't see anyone else you can talk to,
he whispered back. And why are we being
quiet? No, this is real. You could piss
all over the floor. She wouldn't even
notice. I hissed. Don't pee on anything
for [__] sake. Here, just hang back
for a minute and behave yourself.
Falling Sky snorted.
Here's some behaving for you. And
squeezed out a horrible fart.
I gave him a disgusted look and lifted
my shirt over my nose. I choked. Did
something crawl up your ass and die?
Thought there weren't any smells in this
world. [__] hell, man.
He giggled at me and said, "Yes, but we
aren't part of the world. Then you
shouldn't scold me for my bodily
functions. I'm 800 years old. Billy
Whitebred have some sympathy for an old
man." The woman straightened up as I
approached and she exclaimed, "We don't
get many visitors here on a Saturday
afternoon. My name's Constance. The
reverend isn't here, I'm afraid. But
perhaps I can be of service to you. I
sighed. Well, Constance, I sure hope so.
Did you have a funeral for a member of
your congregation this morning? A little
girl named Catherine.
She folded her hands together and
murmured, "Yeah, it was a tragic affair.
Only 7 years old, and she was murdered
in her own parlor. They say it was her
own father who did it, but I don't
believe that to be true.
It wasn't him. I agreed.
I don't suppose you have any idea who
did it, do you? Because I mean, that
would be, you know, pretty [__]
awesome. Oh, I had my suspicions,
Constant said quietly. But I can't prove
them. I just had a feeling. That was
all. And you can't very well go to the
authorities because you have a vague
feeling of someone's guilt, can you? So,
I kept it to myself. Wasn't long before
I was murdered, too.
I did a double take and said, "What?
What? Who? Who killed you?"
"I don't know." Constant said quietly.
"I would suspect it was the same person
who killed poor Catherine. I kept my
suspicions to myself, but it was
probably written all over my face
whenever I saw them. I was out for an
evening stroll beside the river when
they chose to strike. The fiend must
have been lurking in the shadows as they
followed me to my doom. When the
footpath passed beneath the bridge, the
horrible beast rushed up behind me and
pushed me into the river. I clutched at
his sleeve as I fell in, but it tore
beneath my grasp. I came away with only
a bit of cloth in my hands. It was very
dark beneath the bridge, and I foresaw
who attacked me. The current carried me
away into the night, and well, no one
ever knew what became of me.
I gawkked at her with my mouth hanging
open. She stared back with no
expression. My mind was racing.
Slowly, I asked.
You wouldn't have any idea where your
body ended up, would you? Constance
nodded and my heart leapt into my
throat. She said it was where the river
bends as it passes Orville Haskins
Farmstead.
I was still alive when the water spat me
up on the riverbank. I didn't drown as
my murderer had intended. I was too
battered and exhausted to climb up the
bank, so
I died of exposure.
I winced and said, "Oof." And that's a
cheerful little fact, isn't it?
Man, that's rough.
For what it's worth, I'm sorry that
happened to you.
Gently, she said, "I was sorry, too. Is
there anything else I can help you
with?"
I let out a deep shaky breath. I asked,
"Can you maybe give me the name of the
person you think committed the murder?
Well, the murderers, I guess. hers,
yours, God knows who else. She shook her
head and in a grave tone she said, "The
heavens may know their identity, but I
do not.
If I can't say it's the truth, then I
can't pass my lips."
I grumbled.
"Fair enough, I suppose. Okay, thank you
for your help." Constants looked at me
in the eye and said, "Friends always
hide in the darkness. expose the beast
to the light, then bring judgment upon
him. We all wish she the best.
With that said, Constance abruptly
disengaged from the conversation and
went back to polishing the prayer desk.
I stood there and watched her for a few
moments. Then I called out, "Come on,
big guy. Let's see if we can flag down
one of those taxi carriage things. I
think we're taking a trip out to the
countryside.
Falling Sky could barely fit on the
bench seat of the handsome cab. He gave
me a sour look and said, "This is
undignified."
I smiled and made a sweeping gesture at
his big round bear body. "You could
always turn yourself into something
smaller, right? I mean, honestly, I'm
not sure how far this horse can pull a
fully grown bear."
He rumbled. It could haul an infinite
number of fully grown bears. This is a
vision quest, Billy Whitebred. There's
no here or there in this place. We are
nowhere.
He clamorred up into the cab. And in a
decidedly snarky tone, he added, "It is
my sacred right to live and breathe as
whatever animal I choose. Thought we
already talked about this. Respect my
culture." He muttered, "Whatever you
say, weirdo." And I went to the back of
the carriage to speak with the driver.
The driver smiled down at me from his
lofty perch at the back of the carriage,
showing off about 14 yellow teeth. He
exclaimed, "Good afternoon, lad. Need a
lift, are you?" I said. "Yes, sir. I
sure do. Can you take us out to Orville
Haskins farm?" "Uh, do you know where
that is?" "I do indeed," he replied
cheerfully. "Just a short trot beyond
the town limits. Have a seat beside your
friend, young man. We'll be off
presently." I shook my head and replied,
his fat ass taking up the whole seat.
Can I sit up there beside you? I heard
Falling Sky mutter in the background.
Pretty mouthy for someone I could eat
alive. Couldn't be the first time. The
driver shrugged and said, "That ever
pleases you here, sir. I'll watch your
step on the way up."
We jounced and bumped our way to our
destination, and I watched our
surroundings slowly roll past with
wideeyed wonder. It was a world just
like my own, but it was also completely
different. In the heart of the city in
1996, we had chain restaurants and
shopping centers, pizza parlors, video
stores.
But in the 1880s, there were mercantile
shops and general stores, blacksmiths,
cobblers.
Back in my present day reality,
blacksmith and cobblers hardly even
existed anymore. It was like watching a
big budget historical film with all the
glamour scrubbed away, revealing the
fresh piles of horseshit all over the
road.
I looked over to the burly apparition
steering the carriage beside me and I
asked.
I don't suppose you've ever heard of
someone called the bookman. Have you
something? I'm just assuming it's a
person, not a place. The driver darted
an amused glance over at me and said,
"No, sir, not me. I don't know too much
about books, I'm afraid. I must confess
I can barely read or write. I didn't get
much school when I was a lad. Had to
work, help support the family.
I gave him a sympathetic look and said,
"Uh, it sucks, man. Every kid deserves
an education. Do you ever wish you can
go back and learn?"
The driver's lips curled into a sad
smile, he replied. "Yes, sir, I do. When
common people like myself can't read too
good, well, that's the problem. You make
sure the book men of this world aren't
lying to you about what's in them books.
If if you ask me, a lot of folks put too
much faith in them sneaky sons of
[__] Pardon my French. That's how I
feel in my heart.
I turned his words over in my mind. And
for a brief second, I almost had a spark
of an idea. But then it was gone,
replaced with the clipclopping of horse
hooves and the monotonous squeaking of
the axle.
I asked how much longer, and the driver
abruptly halted his horse. The teeming
city streets were suddenly gone.
replaced by a dirt road and a
ramshackled farmhouse.
There was a barn drunkenly leaning
against the horizon in the background.
The property line was bordered by an
ancient fence. It was slowly collapsing
and rotting into mulch where it stood.
In the distance, a handful of scrawny
cattle were attempting to graze in a
field of weeds and thistle. The driver
boomed. Here it is. Farmstead of Mr.
Orville Haskins. Truth be told, I have
no idea why anyone would go out their
way to visit that old man. He'd got bats
in the belfry. Old Orville does. He's a
lunatic.
I started to explain the situation, but
the blank look on his face reminded me
he wasn't a real person who I'd actually
give a [__] I stepped down and muttered
to myself, "Lunatic.
Oh, it should be interesting."
Falling Sky struggled out of the
carriage and lumbered over to stand
beside me. He cracked his jaws in a huge
yawn, let it a sneeze, and then he gave
his head a vigorous shake. His
skinwalker saw me staring at him. He
demanded, "What are you looking at?
Feels good. Okay, you wouldn't
understand unless you had fur." I looked
up at the driver and said, "Hey, man. I
don't have any money on me right now,
and even if I did, it'd be from the
wrong time period. Is it okay if no
charge for you two fine gentlemen?" The
driver interrupted. He gave me a
meaningful look and added, "Be mindful
of what he says to you. A lot of it'll
be nonsense, but not all of it. You have
to pay attention. Speaks in riddles."
Falling Sky rolled his eyes and snorted,
"All you people speak in riddles. I wish
the universe could just pass us a note
or something. It's taking too long. If
only it could be that easy." The driver
agreed. "Good luck, gentlemen. I truly
hope for the best.
He pulled his carriage around in a tight
U-turn and he headed off back towards
town. They got maybe a 100 ft away
before the driver, his cab, and his
horse all disappeared into a shimmer of
light. And then it was just me and the
bear standing in the middle of nowhere
as a cloud of dust settled back to the
parched earth beneath our feet.
I looked over at the creepy little
farmhouse and I murmured, "This place
reminds me of the Texas Chainsaw
Massacre."
"What about you lead the way this time,
bear guy? I mean, you're all big and
bearike, so
you know." Falling Sky grunted. I saw
that movie, too. Scared the crap out of
me. Uh, you go ahead.
With great reluctance, I started up the
heavily rutdded laneway and the
skinwalker trail behind me. I already
knew this part of our journey was going
to degenerate into an ordeal. I could
just about taste it in the air.
Catherine's killer knew we were sniffing
at his trail. Unlike the rest of the
characters in this interactive murder
mystery, the bookman was a real spirit,
not just a projection of the past.
He wouldn't stand idle as we sought to
uncover his identity
one way or another.
He would try to silence us.
The driver wasn't exaggerating. Orville
Haskins
was very
intense to say the least. He came
shambling out onto his sagging porch to
greet us. Orville could have been
anywhere between 30 and 70 years old.
He was a hollow-eyed corpse of a man
with a wild, feral stare. He was
barefoot and shirtless beneath the
griiest pair of denim pants I'd ever
seen. His scrawny torso was dingy with
dirt, and his feet were crusted up to
the ankle with months of accumulated
filth. I was glad you couldn't smell the
inhabitants of this world because
Orville definitely stank like a corpse.
Orville peeled back his cracked lips and
gave me an off-kilter grin, revealing a
set of chompers that made the cab
driver's teeth look like a set of Da
Vinci veneers. He lifted his ragged hat
in a cordial greeting, and I noticed his
hands were just as filthy as his bare
feet.
I thought to myself, "This guy ate with
those hands.
Orville plopped his hat back over his
greasy helmet of hair and he squawkked.
An afternoon, sir. It's a fine day for
absolution. Yes, sir. I reckon you fell
here to see a gal out by the river.
She's murdered by the shadow man. Poor
thing. I was told about it in a dream. I
go to see the angels and they tell me
things.
Falling skies slinkedked a little
closer, his eyes bright with curiosity.
he whispered. I've heard of such things
from the spirits. There are those who
can travel to the spirit world while
they sleep. They're called dreamers.
Some of them are oracles. Some of them
are
madmen.
Orville nodded his head vigorously in
agreement. A thin line of drool slipped
from a gap between two of his baked bean
teeth and it ran into his whiskers. He
said, "Shadowman's a bad fell. He has
two faces. I went into town and told
them all about the shadow man. They
didn't believe me. The angels said they
wouldn't believe me, but I tried anyhow.
I cast a quick glance over at Falling
Sky and was startled to see he was no
longer a bear. He was now a lean and
limber mountain lion. He saw my puzzled
expression and whispered, "Just in case
we have to run away. I know none of this
is real, but this guy scares me."
I waved my hand to secure Orville's
wandering attention, and I asked, "Can
you show us where to find her?" A
glassy, haunted expression crept across
Orville's dirt smeared features. A fresh
string of drool rolled over his scabby
lower lip, and it oozed into his
whiskers. "Well, she's nothing but bones
now. Nothing but bones and rags. Even
bones can tell story. Sir, come on
along, fella. I'll show you where she
lay."
We followed Orville across his barnyard,
keeping a discreet distance as he
rambled a steady flow of nonsense under
his breath. The lawn was a thigh high
meadow of weeds and wild flowers, and
the barn itself looked like it was ready
to collapse at any given moment.
Likewise, none of his fields had been
tiled or planted in a very long time.
The entire farm was gradually returning
to the wilderness from which it came. He
led us on a winding journey that
ended up at the back of his property.
He was boarded by a river, a winding and
sluggish body of water that was more of
a glorified creek at this time of year.
We stood back and a watch Orville
stomped through the undergrowth, the
edge of the embankment, and still
muttering a stream of gibberish under
his breath, he stopped and said, "Yes,
sir. This is the place right here."
We climbed back down the crumbling
embankment and there was a heap of bones
in a faded rag of a dress. I knelt down
and examined the remains, wincing its
mangled condition.
She'd been cruy battered and broken by
the ferocious current. Her skull was
cracked. Her ribs were shattered. Her
limbs were twisted and splintered.
It would have been better if she had
drowned. Falling Sky murmured in a
somber tone. Terrible death.
But now she's safe with her ancestors.
What's that stuff here in her hand?
Looks like a patch of cloth. It's
different color than the dress. I
carefully pulled the rotting material
away from her broken fingers. It was
indeed a thin strip of black cloth. I
showed it to Falling Sky. This came from
the bookman. I bet she ripped it off his
shirt or something as she fell in the
water.
Falling Sky examined it closely, his
tail lashing around and agitation. He
said, "It seems too thick to come from a
shirt. Maybe he was wearing a coat or
dark cloak." I nodded thoughtfully and
tucked the scrap of cloth in my pocket.
I mumbled, "Yeah, I think you're on to
something there. The cloak, long coat,
something like that." Some of these guys
ran around in extra-l long suit jackets,
especially at night. It was a style of
evening wear I think. I think that's why
Orville calls him the shadow man.
The skinwalker settled down on his
honches, his eyes narrowed and thought.
He mused,
"A man in a long dark coat. Dead girl
called him the bookman. What do you
think of when you put these two things
together?"
I muttered.
A Victorian era library. Maybe uh an
accountant. Help me out here, man. What
do you think? I hunkered down to get a
closer look at the skeletal remains, but
I had no idea what I was looking for. I
mean, I wasn't a forensic specialist of
any kind, was I? I was just a young
fellow bitten off more than he could
chew.
I looked up and called out, "Hey, hey,
Orville. Can I ask you a question?"
Seconds went by without a response. I
looked up just in time to catch a brief
impression of a shadowy figure at the
edge of the embankment. There was a
swirl of black and then
then the figure was gone.
I gasped. Did you did you see that? The
falling sky was already scrambling up
the slope. He paused at the top of the
embankment, his tail lashing around, and
he said, "You better come see this."
I struggled my way to the top and I
inhaled sharply at what was waiting for
me in the overgrown weeds.
Orville had been quietly murdered as we
were playing detective down below. His
throat had been slashed open from ear to
ear.
I just What the [__] This This isn't
how he died like in the real world. I I
thought none of this was real, man. That
that looks pretty real to me.
Falling Sky frowned at the body. His
eyes were troubled.
Everyone and everything we see here,
it's all just a projection.
Shouldn't be possible to harm them in
any way. Be like stepping into a movie
and interfering with the actors.
It simply shouldn't be possible.
I rubbed my eyes and groaned.
Well, what happened anyway? I think we
both know who did it, but
how?
Falling Sky mused to himself.
You and I should be trapped in the world
of the living, but you found a way to
step over that barrier. Likewise, the
bookman must have found a way around the
veil that lies between the spirits and
the great beyond. If this is true, the
natural laws of what can and what can
never be
no longer apply to him.
I nervously cleared my throat and
croked, "That sounds bad. I mean, if he
can, you know, like straight up murder
these astral projections or whatever the
[__] you call them, could he kill us,
too?" Falling Sky gave me a grim look.
He said, "I don't know and I don't wish
to find out." I made an unhappy noise
and cast a quick glance over both
shoulders.
I murmured. I I'd love to expose the
dickhead's identity and help Catherine.
I don't want to die trying. I hate to
say it, but I think we should maybe give
up and go home. I'm not too keen on
joining Catherine as a restless spirit.
The skinwalker stretched up his hind
legs and dropped a heavy paw on my
shoulder. He said,
"If he can break the boundaries between
the spirit world and the greater beyond,
he can also transcend the barrier
between the dead and the living, it will
not be safe from him there."
I absorbed this information with a
sinking feeling in the pit of my
stomach. I groaned, "Oh, [__] me.
Well,
that sucks, doesn't it? I mean, look
what he did to this [__] guy.
Okay. Okay. I'll just uh I don't know.
Actually, I don't know what to do.
Falling guy dropped onto all four legs
and started pushing his way through the
weeds. He called back, "There's only one
course of action as of right now. I am
officially relieving you of your
leadership. Follow me.
I hurried after him and gasped, "Hey,
wait up. Where are we going?" Falling
Sky looked back at me with wide, feral
eyes. He licked his chops and growled,
"You must go finish what we started.
Prepare yourself, Billy Whitebred.
We're going to war.
[Music]
We found another carriage waiting for us
in front of Orville's ramshackle house.
This one was a fully enclosed coach
model with an elevated seat for the
driver. The seat in question was
occupied by a smartly dressed chap and a
black top hat. A curtain was drawn back
from a window as we approached and a
slender hand and a velvet glove waved us
over. The door popped open. The skinw
walker and I shared a questioning look.
He said, "After you, Billy." I snorted.
"Hey, wasn't I just relieved of my
leadership a few minutes ago? Why am I
climbing in first?" Falling Sky hopped
up on two legs and gave me a push
towards the carriage. He chuckled.
Because I'm the leader. The follower
does what the leader says.
I poked my head through the open window
and gasped in a surprise. The owner of
the veiled glove was the actress Sharon
Stone. She was wearing a Victorian era
dress, but her hair was cropped short
and swept back the same hairstyle she
had in the movie Basic Instinct. She
smiled at me and said, "Hello, duckling.
It's been a while, hasn't it? You look
good. Looks like you're putting some
meat on those bones. How about a quickie
for old time's sake?" I looked back at
Falling Sky and groaned, "It's a
succubus. Should um should we get in?"
He waved at the endless stretch of dirt
roads with his paw and he sighed. It's
better than walking, I suppose.
I sat on the bench on the opposite side
of the succubus and falling sky sat on
the floor. As the carriage started
jouncing back to town, the succubus gave
me a sly grin and purred. I hope you're
pleased with the form I chose today. I
thought you'd probably like it. After
all, I know what you did when you rented
that movie from the video store. As I
recall, you did it at least six times,
you wicked little beast. I looked down
at the floor and muttered, "Yeah, thanks
for the ride back and everything, but
why are you here?" She gave me a shrug
and said,
"I think your little mission here is
very honorable. It's very brave for a
little snack like yourself to take on a
nasty piece of work like him. Even the
likes of a skin walker is afraid of
him."
That's saying something.
I gave her a sharp look and leaned
forward. My hands nodded together in my
lap. You know who's responsible? Like
like his real name. The succubus
giggled. Of course. She looked out the
window. I waited for her to say more,
but she just kept staring out the window
with a vague smile. I snapped. Well, you
could save us a whole lot of time if you
said it out loud. We could go back to
the world of the living right now.
Bingo, bingo. Once and done. She gave me
a smmy grin and said, "Oh, I'm afraid
I'm not allowed to do that. The greater
beyond works in mysterious ways. You
have to figure it out on your own. I'm
just here to give you a ride, but Oh, I
don't know. Maybe I could give you a
hint."
I gripped her hand in both of mine and
hissed. Yes, please. anything at all.
The succubus murmured. Well, I'm going
to need a little something in return.
Quidd proquo, my sweetness. Lay with me
again. You could have me in my current
form. Would you like that? You could act
out all those fantasies you had while
you watched the movie.
I shifted uncomfortably in my seat and
shot a glance over at the skinwalker,
who was looking on with an amused glint
in his eye. He said, "Don't look over
here, Billy Whitebred. She prefers
beings that still have their souls
intact. I traded mine to become a witch.
I gave him a sour grimace and croked,
"How convenient." Um, [__] Uh,
okay. Uh, weird timing, but okay. Uh,
but we don't do it in front of the
mountain lion. That's just weird. You
can't drink any of my blood either. That
[__] hurt. No way. And my my soul is
is definitely off limits.
The succubus pouted. Not even a mouthful
of blood. You're being stingy. Honestly,
this is barely even worth my time. But
I suppose I'll accept your terms. Oh,
she put her head out the window and
bellowed, "Driver, stop the carriage."
There was no answer to the demon's
command. A look of alarm spread across
her face. She leaned closer and urgently
whispered, "I hold thr over all entities
who exist in the greater beyond. Real or
otherwise, this this isn't right." A
whip cracked across the horse's right
flank, and the stallion veered off the
road. The carriage jounced across a
shallow ditch and started careening
through an overgrown meadow. We all
screamed in unison as we were bounced
around inside the carriage like a palm
full of dice. The wheels hit a deep rut
in the soil and the entire thing rolled
upside down. home. The horse dragged the
carriage through the tall weeds for a
few seconds and then it managed to break
free of its rains. Disappeared from
sight with a rapid thundering of hooves
and then
all went silent.
In the aftermath, I found myself tangled
up with the Victorian Sharon Stone on
the roof of the carriage, which was now
the floor.
Falling sky was lying heavily across
both of us, growling and panting a hot
lion breath into my face. I groaned,
"Get off me, you big glute." and
struggled my way through the window.
Felt a hand slide up the back of my leg
as I was wriggling to freedom and
yelled, "Not right now, lady. The hell."
The succubus yelled back, "Fine, be like
that. It's your loss, not mine." When we
were all standing beside the carriage, I
turned to the succubus and grunted,
"How'd you choose your driver? Did he
kind of just appear with a carriage? She
nodded thoughtfully and said, "I didn't
really put much thought into it at the
time, but yes, he just came with the
coach."
I dismissed him as part of the scenery,
but I was wrong.
Very unusual. I hold domain over all
things in the void, so I can only
presume the driver was
him.
You know, that piece of [__] I'm not
allowed to mention my name. I'd love to
have a word with him, if you know what I
mean.
She held up her hand and flexed her
fingers, which grew into wickedly long
talons before my eyes. She wiggled them
and breathed scratchy scratchy. There
goes his inards. Unfortunately, I can't
touch him. When he died, everyone
thought he was a good man. So now he has
the protection of fond thoughts and good
intentions.
It's a very powerful force. I stammered.
Hey, hey, wait, wait up a second. Are
you saying that like if everyone thinks
you're a good person when you die,
you're immune to to the consequences of
the spirit world. Exactly? She replied
in a sour tone. Not fair, is it?
Nothing's fair in this universe, if you
ask me. But that's just how it is.
That's why it's so important that you
attach his evil deeds to his name so he
can be held accountable for his crimes.
It's It's not too late.
I nodded in reluctant agreement and
said, "Yeah, that sucks." Then it is
what it is. Listen, I don't think I'm in
the mood to do the um the
thing the right now. C can you please
just please maybe just She waved off my
pathetic begging and shushed me with a
finger to my lips. She said, "In your
day and age, Catherine's death has long
since been forgotten."
Trail's gone cold. But this is a
different where and a different when you
want to play detective, you should
investigate the scene of the crime.
That's probably more than I should say,
but frankly, the universe can mind its
own damn business.
I threw my hands up in the sky and
exclaimed, "Thank you. Thank you so
much. I never thought I'd say this to a
literal demon, but you were the best."
The succubus flared her eyes an unearly
neon red. She rumbled, "I consider this
a debt, and the debt must be repaid in
full." "Do you understand this, my
duckling?" I suppressed the urge to take
a step or two away from her. I cleared
my throat and quivered. "Uh, yeah, of
course. Um,
can you look like Sharon Stone when it
happens? Is that still, you know, is
that still okay?"
She bared a mouthful of bristling fangs
at me and my blood froze. Falling sky
sprang back a good 10 ft and crouched
low. His own snout wrinkled back to
expose his teeth. The demon growled,
"This is a dat, not a deal. I'll appear
before you as I wish. You pathetic
little bug." The succubus smiled to
herself and added, "Perhaps I'll be in a
foul mood that day, and I'll show you my
true form. You won't be much of use to
anyone after that. Believe me, you'll be
a broken shell that screams whenever it
feels someone's touch."
I stared at it with my mouth gaping
open. Slowly, I muttered. "Holy [__]
lady. Uh, you sure don't take rejection
well. Now, go [__] yourself," she
snapped back briskly. "You're no
Kasanova, my boy. Just remember, it's a
debt, not a deal. When I come to
collect, you'll give me what's mine."
She gave me the finger and then vanished
into thin air. There was a loud crack
that sounded like thunder.
She was gone.
From behind me, falling sky suppressed
snicker. He shook his head at me and
said, "Oh boy, you're in for some
trouble now." I whirled around and
shouted, "Oh, [__] you, man. This isn't
funny." No. Oh, no. Not you. The
skinwalker chuckled. But the ancestors
would think it's hilarious. I can't wait
to tell them. No. Let's start walking
back to town. I guess they'll have to
find Catherine's old address somehow. I
crossed my arms and said, "No, I have a
better idea. Change into a horse." He
gave me a puzzled look. Slowly, he
asked, "How is that going to get us
there faster? You can't run as fast as
what? No. Look, there's there's no way
that's happening. Nope." I stormed
closer to him and said in a strangled
whisper, "Fuck you. I have a literal
demon that wants to eat my face and
devour my [__] soul. So, [__] you.
You're going to turn into a [__]
horsey, my man. Hear me? You're going to
turn into a nice little riding horse,
and then I'm going to jump on your back
and ride your [__] ass into town.
You're the one who decided we should
catch a ride with her. Remember? You,
our fearless captain who made me get
into a carriage first. You you remember
that? Of course, he replied calmly. Why
should I go first? There was a demon in
there. Much safer to see what happens to
the other guy first. I gritted my teeth
and rubbed my temples. Whether this
world was real or unreal, it was up for
debate. But either way, I was apparently
still able to develop a nasty headache.
I said, "Okay, that's valid. Sure. Now
turn into a [__] horse,
douchebag, or I'll tell Victor that you
have a TV in your Hogan.
Falling Sky gave me a wounded look. He
mumbled. Probably already knows.
Victor knows everything. He doesn't know
jack freaking [__] about the day-to-day
happenings around the zoo. I retorted.
Don't kid yourself. Vic kind of relies a
bit on the microphones and cameras, but
he mostly depends on his snitches. Yeah,
I'm pretty sure he's got a few. the
succubus. She's one of them, but he's
only got her for the real heavy stuff.
She demands a human life, and that could
be risky. No, no, there's at least one
more, and I think they're on the
caretaker team. I don't know who it is
yet, but I have my suspicions. The
skinwalker blinked at me, stunned by
this revelation,
he muled. I didn't know that.
Anyway, let's get mossy along, little
doggy. Come on. Falling Sky muttered a
curse under his breath and started to
shimmer. A second later. He was a horse.
He quietly hissed. If you tell anyone
about this, don't even worry about the
demon cuz I'll personally eat you alive.
I gave him a weary nod and said, "It's a
deal, Mr. Ed."
I awkwardly scrambled onto his back. I'd
never ridden a horse before, but Falling
Sky was the best horse a first- timer
could ever hope for. He trotted off down
the dusty road, following the sky as it
sank towards the horizon. I can only
guess what kind of horrors the murder
scene would have in store for us. But
I knew one thing.
I really sincerely regretted taking this
burden on in the first place. But it was
too late to turn back.
All I could do was harden my resolve,
keep
mosying on into the sunset.
There was an ominous silence in the air
as we approached the edge of town. The
clamor and hustle of city life had been
replaced by the soft murmur of the wind.
As it turned out, there was a pretty
good reason for the weird muted
atmosphere.
Everyone
was dead.
every single person in the entire town.
Most of the victims had been
decapitated. Every now and then, we'd
encounter a body with its head still
attached by a ragged strip of flesh.
And that was somehow worse.
I knew the bodies weren't real, but that
didn't make it any better.
Once again, it just made it worse.
Falling Sky finally broke the silence.
He stopped in the middle of the street,
his tail swishing in agitation.
This is dark magic. He's a clever one,
this bookman of yours. We can't ask any
questions if there's no one left to
answer them. My head was throbbing like
a rotten tooth. I rubbed my temples
again and suppressed the urge to start
screaming. I grumbled, "Yeah, this is
definitely a setback. Population sign
and the city limits claimed just over
40,000 people. It'll take forever to
check out every parlor room in town.
It's going to be a lot of freaking
houses. I don't even know if I would
recognize it to be honest. Her habitat
might be different from the original
room.
Falling grunted. Well, either way, get
off my back. Rides over. And remember
what I said to you back at the farm.
Billy White bread. Never tell anyone, he
wrote on my back. That stays between us
until the end of days. I awkwardly
dismounted from his back and snorted.
Tell who? I'm not even supposed to be
here. I doubt Vic would be okay with any
of this [__] You know what I mean?
Anyway, what now? I think we're screwed.
I started to walk around in the street
in aimless circles deep in thought. I
was gripped by a sense of impending
doom. Dead bodies lined every street in
all directions. They were hanging from
open windows and dangling from
carriages. Hundreds of bodies. Thousands
of them as far as the I could see. I
could hardly wrap my head around it.
We don't need the spirit world for this
part of our journey. Falling sky
answered in a right tone. The place
you're looking for exists in the
present.
Understanding struck me like a bolt of
lightning. I said, "We need to go back.
Wait for me and your Hogan until I find
some answers.
I'll try to be quick, but I don't know.
I don't even know what I'm looking for.
Falling sky gave me a wondered look. He
said, "Take me with you. Come on. I
never get to go anywhere." I shook my
head and snorted. Are you nuts?
There's all those microphones and
cameras and [__] If If Vic found out
you left your habitat, he'd let Len
throw me off a rooftop. And after that
[__] I pulled on him a while back, Len
would be more than happy to oblige. He
isn't my biggest fan these days.
The skinw walker stomped his hoof in a
petulant display of disappointment. He
flared his nostrils and retorted, "You
said Vic doesn't know what happens
around the zoo. I'll turn into a field
mouth and hide in your pocket. You'd
never know."
I rubbed my temples and muttered, "Well,
Cass would know. And I'll be honest with
you, man. I'm not sure if that would be
such a good thing." Falling Sky did a
double take, trotted closer to me. He
lowered his voice and whispered, "You
think Casemir is the informer?
You don't have to whisper. It's not like
Cass could hear us." Um,
look, I don't know for sure, but maybe
yes, maybe no. Vic killed his assistant
because the dude was plotting to
sabotage the zoo somehow. But how did
Vic even find out? I mean, I doubt this
dude was running his mouth about his
plans,
but I can see how it might be tempting
to share the secret with someone close
to him. You get what I'm saying here?
So,
yeah.
I don't know anything for sure, but I
have my suspicions.
The horse shimmerred and flickered for a
moment, and then Falling Sky was
standing before me in all his human
glory.
[Music]
He squeezed my shoulder and said,
"Suspicion is always better than blind
trust." "All right, then. I'll just take
it easy and watch TV in my Hogan for a
while." You smirked at me and added,
"Don't forget you drank the tea. Me?
I'll be fine, but you This should be
interesting. Another story for the
ancestors. Oh, and they're going to love
this one."
I'm grimaced at him and said, "Huh,
hell." Yeah, I forgot about that. This
is going to suck. But it is what it is.
Okay, man. I'm as ready as I'll ever be.
Let's do this.
I closed my eyes and I imagined I was
hanging onto that rope again. Only this
time, I didn't let go. Instead, I
climbed to the top. My body weightless
and ethereal in the nexus between life
and death. When I reached the top of the
rope, I opened my eyes to the real
world.
Unfortunately, in the real world, I was
a hot, sloppy mess of a human being.
Nausea hit me with a closed fist, and I
collapsed on my hands and knees in the
sand. Falling Sky shook his head at me
as a spray of puke poured into the dirt.
He said, "The sacred tea isn't for
beginners is heavy. Very heavy. You
should probably just hide yourself away
in my Hogan until you come down or watch
TV and smoke some tobacco. What do you
say? I'll turn on the lava lamp. We'll
ride the waves.
I squeezed my eyes shut and moaned. I'm
regretting this pretty bad. I can't do
this.
I was wrecked. No joke. My thoughts were
skittering around my brain like alien
spiders. The world around me was a soft,
focused nightmare of contrails,
monstrous shapes, and shifting patterns.
I could hardly bear to open my eyes. The
intercom came to life with a loud click,
and Casemir's voice crackled over the
speakers overhead. "You require
assistance, Billy. You don't look like
you're doing very well." I flapped my
hand in a dismissive gesture and yelled
back, "No, I'm good. I don't need
anything. Just uh just give me a minute.
Okay."
I turned back to the skinwalker and
croked, "Give me a hand over here. I'm
not sure if I can walk on my own. Floor
keeps moving."
Falling Sky made a rude noise with his
lips and said, "Unless you're done
getting sick. No offense, Billy, but I
can't take it when people throw up. The
sound, the smell, no thanks. Makes me
want to throw up, too." I gritted my
teeth and groaned. Just come here for a
second, man. I got to tell you
something, okay? like he was already
shaking his head. No. I snarled, "For
[__] sake." and forced myself to stand
up.
I just had to ride the waves. How hard
could it be? I took a deep breath and
told myself. "It's not real. None of it
is real. Just ignore what you see. Put
one foot in front of the other."
They grew more confident with each step.
Falling Sky clapped me on the shoulder
as I drew closer. He said, "That's it,
Billy Whitebird. Just stay afloat.
You'll be okay." He ushered me into his
hogan and tried to make me sit down in a
chair made of woven branches. I said,
"No, I'm okay now." Kind of. Okay.
Listen, man. I changed my mind about you
staying here. I I need someone who's got
it together. And Cass already said that
he doesn't want to get involved. I mean,
even even if he did want to help, we
can't both be inside the habitat at the
same time. So, it's got to be you. No
other choice.
A smile spread around the skinwalker's
face. He rubbed his hands together and
said, "My physical being hasn't been
outside these walls for many years.
Going to enjoy this." I softly replied,
"Keep it down. Okay, listen. Don't get
any ideas about escaping. Okay, we're
going straight to Catherine's habitat.
Then, we're coming right back. Remember,
Vic knows your true name. If you manage
to get past the goons, Vic will speak it
out loud just out of spite. Okay, as
long as he can still talk, you're stuck
here in the zoo. Falling Sky held up his
hands and protested. No need to get firm
with me, Billy. I'm just happy to be
doing something new. I growled.
I'm glad you're having a good time. Me?
Not so much.
Your face is melting. The walls, you're
breathing. Everything's [__] I just
want to curl up in a ball and start
babbling about the universe. I can
hardly think straight. This isn't fun,
man. Sucks. Falling Sky shook a finger
at me and countered. Maybe you're the
one who sucks. Billy White bread. You
ever thought of that? You have a good
heart. Yes, but you're always
complaining. No, don't deny it. You're a
cry monkey and you know it. Do you have
a very angry doineering kind of mother?
Because an overbearing mother figure can
often be the root of a lot of issues.
Oh, I snapped. Oh, good. Skinwalker
Freud, not now. Okay, just do your
thing, Mr. Mouse. And let's go. You're
going for a pocket ride.
[Music]
Cass raised an eyebrow at me as I came
stumbling into the service tunnel. He
said, "You look like a maniac. Your hair
is dripping with sweat and your eyes are
like saucers." I muttered, tease kicking
my ass. "How long have I been gone?" The
big Russian gave me a ghost of a smile
as he gently said, "You did not go
anywhere. You sat on a log for perhaps
10 minutes. Then you began to vomit into
the sand." I let out an off-kilter
giggle and said, "It's time's different
over there. Look, we have to go back to
Catherine's habitat. We need to find
something." No, don't ask me what cuz I
don't really know just yet. But I guess
we'll fine figure it out when we see it.
Cass paused in midstep and he gave me a
considering look.
He asked.
Who's we, Billy? I cannot go inside. I
must stand watch of the door. I froze
and my poor drugged up brain started to
panic. I felt my stupid yapper drop open
and I stammered. I I didn't we.
No. Uh, no. I wanted to say me, not we.
Here's me alone falling. Sky isn't. As
soon as the last sentence started to
cross my lips, I had to restrain myself
from clapping my hands over my mouth.
Cass gave me another probing stare, but
he stayed silent and followed me down
the tunnel. I tried my best to walk like
a normal human being. I just had to sail
the waves, one foot in front of the
other as I navigated the spaces between.
If I didn't think about it too hard, I
could keep moving forward. Felt like I
was doing it all wrong. At least I was
moving. When he got to the entrance of
Catherine's habitat, I asked Cass to
punch in the code. Pushing the buttons
in the correct order was a tad beyond my
ability at that point. He wordlessly
obliged, but he stopped me as I was
about to lurch across the threshold of
the habitat. He said, "Remember to watch
in the mirror. Do not get yourself
killed." I gave him a blank look. Then I
snorted. Yeah, of course. As I fumbled
for the mirror in question. Truth be
told, I'd forgotten about it entirely. I
know that sounds really [__] stupid,
but keep in mind that I could barely
form a rational thought at that point.
Mirror now safely in hand. I stepped
into the habitat and the door slid shut
behind me. I found the poltergeist
sitting in her rocking chair, her
severed head resting in her lap as
usual. I approached her with extreme
caution. She watched me shuffle closer
with a hopeful expression on her face.
Even in my confused state of psychedelic
delirium, I felt my heart shrivel a bit
in my chest. I desperately wished I had
some good news to share, but I didn't.
I was failing.
I tried to order my thoughts before I
spoke. It was really difficult. That's
putting it mildly. It was almost like
someone had smashed open an ant farm in
my brain, and I was attempting to round
up the entire colony with a pair of
chopsticks. Just a fuckload of these
speedy guys running skitter scatter all
over the floor. And there I was trying
not to step on him as I clacked my
little sticks together. Finally, I
blurted out, "I'm still trying to figure
it out. You know, all this uh
I mean, this whole situation is kind of
[__] up, right?" So, I did some drugs
and I went to the spirit world. At
first, I was like, "Oh, man. This sucks.
There's all these [__] fog
everywhere. I can't see anything." But
then I I freed my mind and the universe
answered by setting up a sort of like uh
this old timey version of our own city.
But it was like back in your time on the
day of your funeral. It was kind of like
one of those dinner theater murder
mysteries. But then I had to come back
here to the present because the bookman
killed everyone in in in the in the
it failed off and we looked at each
other for a few moments in the mirror.
Her hopeful expression had crumpled into
a look of crushing miserable
disappointment.
I sighed. Look, I'm doing my best to to
find his name, but he's doing his best
to stop me. I need your help."
A man's voice came drifting out of my
pocket. He said, "We need your help. We
as in more than one. Two, in fact." That
was very rude, Billy Whitebread. Wasn't
it the wise and knowledgeable Falling
Sky who showed you the path to freeing
your mind? I've been with you every step
of the way on this journey. That was
very rude. I glared into my pocket and
hissed. Be quiet, man. Not so loud.
Catherine was staring at me with great
interest. She lifted her head into the
air for a better look. I tried my best
to shield my hands from the cameras, and
I showed her the talking mouse who was
stowed away in my pocket. The
poltergeist was mesmerized by the
spectacle, her expression softened into
a look of wonder. The skinwalker stood
up on his tiny hind legs, and he lifted
a paw in greeting. He said, "My name is
Falling Sky. He want to help you,
Catherine, but we need to learn the
bookman's real name. Do you know what it
is?"
Catherine silently mouthed, "No." And
her lower lips started to quiver. Tears
welled up in her eyes. In a gentle tone,
Falling Sky said, "Don't despair, little
one. You won't let him win. Please tell
us everything you can remember about
him." I nodded in agreement and said,
"Any little detail might help. What was
your relationship to him? Was he your
teacher, a neighbor?"
Catherine slid out of the rocking chair
and walked over to the fireplace.
She tucked her head under her arm and
plucked the knickknack from the mantle
piece with her free hand. Solemnly, she
held it out for inspection.
It was a ceramic figurine
of a fluffy sheep.
Catherine put the figurine back on the
shelf and then she knelt down to write
something in the cold ashes of the
fireplace.
When she was done, she tapped the word
for emphasis. Falling Sky looked up at
me and whispered, "I never learned how
to read English. What does it say?" I
blew out a frustrated sigh and muttered,
"It says person." And the figure was a
sheep. So what? A shepherd? A human
shepherd? I don't know what the hell she
means by any of this [__] I don't I
don't know, man. I think I'm just
[__] a terrible [__] detective.
Like, I suck at this so bad. I wish she
could just show me what happened
somehow. But that's Catherine abruptly
seized me by the wrist, making me falter
in mid-sentence. Falling sky let out a
startled squeak and jumped out of my
hand as her ghostly fingers encircled my
living flesh. A painful jolt ran up my
arm and slammed into my brain. And then
I found myself
somewhere else. Not another place, but
another time. and
another existence.
It was the 1890s and I was Catherine.
I was cowering in the parlor with the
curtains drawn shut. I was hiding
because the person was visiting with
mother in the drawing room. I didn't
know the person's name. He was always
carrying a large book under his arms.
So, I thought of him as the bookman.
I was terrified of the bookman. He was
very tall and his demeanor was cold and
stern. He was always surrounded by a
disagreeable odor of old pipe tobacco
and animal dung. When the weather was
foul, the bookman wore a long black coat
with a hood that hid most of his face.
All you could see was his curled smile,
and the rest was obscured in shadow.
All of this was frightening enough on
its own, but the real reason I was
afraid of the bookman
was his smile.
There was something awful lurking behind
that corroted, nicotine stained grin.
He was hungry.
Mother couldn't see it, but I could.
Didn't know what he was hungry for, but
I could sense it was very bad. Mother
often referred to the bookman as our
good shepherd. But he wasn't a shepherd
at all. He was he was a wolf.
Mother didn't understand why I was
afraid of the bookman. And try as I
might, I couldn't seem to adequately put
my fear into words. She thought it was
all very silly. I knew my fear of the
person made her quite annoyed with me.
So whenever he came to our house, I just
tried my best not to be seen. I sat
there in the gloom and listened as their
voices drifted down the hall from the
sitting room. Mother laughed at
something the bookman said,
and then the voices began to move
further away.
Before long, I heard the front door
open. When it closed again, I felt a
flood of relief washed through my entire
body. He was gone. I pulled the curtains
back, and the pale light of gray
afternoon illuminated the parlor.
Mother called out, "Catherine, I must be
off to do the shopping. Mind yourself
while I'm gone. Stay out of mischief.
And don't open the door for strangers."
She stepped out onto the porch. The
deadbolt slid home, and I was left all
alone in our big, silent house.
Mother was still searching for a new
governness, and the maid only came on
Tuesdays and Fridays. I wandered about
the house for a while and then I
selected a picture book from the
bookshelf and sat down on my rocking
chair. The rocking chair had been gifted
by father on my seventh birthday. When
you're only seven, everything around you
seems like it was made for a giant. But
my rocking chair was perfect for me and
only me. In my opinion, it was the
finest chair in the whole world. I sat
there rocking and daydreaming with a
book forgotten in my lap.
when I was startled by a rapid knocking
at the front door. I peakedked out the
window to see who it was and my heart
crawled into my throat.
It was the bookman. He had returned and
mother wasn't here to protect me from
his hungry smile.
He saw the curtain twitch and he stared
at the window with narrowed eyes. I
dropped to the floor and huddled against
the wall. The bookman knocked again and
then a third time. When no one answered,
the bookman finally turned away. I heard
his boots clamping down the steps and
then
there was silence.
I waited for a minute or two before I
dared to peek out the window again.
There was no sign of him in the street.
I let out a huge sigh of relief and I
ran back to the parlor. I round to the
corner and crashed into his legs. While
I had been cowering and praying for him
to go away, the bookman had slipped to
the back of the house and pried open a
window.
I staggered away from his savage smile,
my heart slamming in my chest. I wanted
to run, but my legs felt sluggish and
heavy. I tried to yell at the top of my
lungs, but nothing came out except for a
tiny squeak of terror.
His eyes glittered in the dim light of
the gray afternoon. He stooped down to
look into my face, his hands planted on
his knees, and he said, "Such a pretty
girl.
Do you believe yourself to be innocent?
[Music]
You're not innocent.
Not at all. You're an unrepentant
sinner. Isn't that so, Catherine? Or
should I call you by your true name?
Lilith
Jezebel
Harlot.
I cowered against the wall. The bookman
leaned even closer. He was breathing
heavily, and his breath was hot and
putrid. He cruned. It's written in the
good book.
The faithful will bring their children
to see the shepherd so he can lay his
hands on them and pray.
The bookman inhaled deeply, savoring my
fear like the finest perfume. He
continued, "The disciples rebuked their
presence, but the shepherd told them,
suffer the little children to come unto
me because anyone who doesn't receive
God as a little child,
he shall not enter heaven."
Do you understand the meaning of his
words? I want to save you, my child.
Receive me and I will deliver you to
God.
I suddenly became aware that his hands
were tugging at the fastenings on my
dress.
My paralysis finally broke. I darted
past him and ran for the door, screaming
for mother with every step. The bookman
caught me as I was pawing at the
deadbolt.
He clamped his callous hands over my
face, suffocating my terrifying wailing,
and he dragged me back to the parlor.
He was growling like a dog in the grip
of a terrible rage.
His eyes were blazing like hellfire.
A butcher's knife appeared from a fold
in his cloak. A sharp tip was pressed
against my throat. I cried out for
mother, but she wasn't there to save me.
It was just me,
the wolf.
and his hunger.
Panting his foul breath into my face,
the bookman snarled.
You will receive me,
young Jezebel.
You will receive me.
You will receive
me.
The blade was shoved into my neck and I
I felt a sharp snap across my entire
being like a like a rubber band that had
been stretched to its limits then
released to fly across the room. In the
next instant,
I was curled up on the floor in
Catherine's habitat.
Back in my own time,
I was screaming.
Falling Sky was running in agitated
circles on the floor, and Casemir was
demanding to know what the hell was
going on over the intercom. I sat up and
wiped a stream of tears from my eyes.
My heart was pounding my chest. I called
out, "I'm okay, man. I'm
[__] hell.
Um, I'm I'm okay."
I cleared my throat and added, "Just
hang on a minute."
I scooped up Falling Sky with trembling
hands and I tucked him back into my
pocket.
I whispered, "Stay quiet and we're
almost in the clear.
he whispered back. I thought you were
dying, Billy Whitebred. Glad you're
still alive. I let out a shaky little
breath and murmured. Me too, buddy. Me,
too. Cass was waiting with crossed arms
and a stern look as I exited the
habitat. He rumbled, "You fell to the
ground." He began to scream. I'm
starting to wonder if I should allow
this to continue. I closed my eyes
against the undulations of the walls. It
was making me feel sick.
I croked. She reached out and grabbed my
arm and then I
I I watched it happen through her own
eyes. Her murder. I I [__] saw who
did it. Cass starting to think that it
was u you know the whatchamacall at the
church the clergy man or whatever you
know he was like conveniently absent
when we visited the church and I thought
it was kind of weird. Plus the whole
thing about the book and teaching and
shepherds and sheep and all all that
[__] you know. This guy,
I don't think he was a preacher. He
looked pretty rough. He smelled like
sheep [__] I think, he was a shepherd,
like an actual shepherd, like not a
metaphorical one.
Cass gave me a vaguely puzzled look and
said, "I have no idea what you're
talking about, but I believe you. Never
mind, man. I'm just a a bunch of stuff
that happened on the other side." He's
like, I mean, I don't understand why a
dude like that would ever be a regular
guest of a wealthy family. I mean,
especially back then. And there's that
book that he was always carrying under
his like what was it? I kind of assumed
it was a Bible, but now I'm not so sure.
Casemir looked thoughtful. He said
perhaps he butchered his own livestock
and delivered the meat to clients around
the city. The book could be a business
ledger where he would write down dates
and payment information.
It is possible.
I frowned in concentration, mulling it
over, and shook my head. I I I don't
know, but I'm going to find out. I'm
going to go back and find this evil
[__] You know, back to the
spirit world.
Casemir looked trouble. He peered down
on my sweaty, palid face and asked, "Are
you sure this is a good idea? You look
terrible." I snorted. Well, let's see.
I'm high as [__] and I've seen like a
zillion dead bodies tonight. Not to
mention, I was just horribly murdered in
a ghostly vision. So, how am I supposed
to look, man? Jeez, give me a break over
here.
I hesitated.
I sighed.
Man, I want to level with you here,
okay?
I might be in danger. I felt an angry
little scuffle in my pocket, and I added
Falling Sky, too. We're both probably in
danger. the the bookman, he isn't an
ordinary spirit. It's like it's like he
became something uh
something a lot more dangerous. I think
he's trying to avoid, you know, actually
[__] killing us, but it's not because
he's a nice guy. He's pretty much pure
evil. And believe me, this guy is going
to do what he needs to do.
Taz winced at the news and he gravely
shook his head.
We already have a vengeful necromancer
who sends resurrected bodies to murder
us. Do you really need this in your life
as well? See, this is what you get for
meddling in the affairs of the undead.
Very well, Billy. Do as you must. All I
will say is that Victor will be very
displeased when he has to start looking
for another assistant.
I grumbled. Okay, man. Yeah, thanks for
the pep talk. Then I headed back to
Falling Sky habitat. Cass followed
behind with a beused expression on his
face. This time I was able to ignore the
landscape of rippling walls and visual
distortions. I was starting to realize
that our world is basically a mirage.
There's a lot more stuff around us than
we could ever perceive, let alone
understand. Our narrow slice of reality
is kind of like peering through a cosmic
kaleidoscope.
Can completely change with the smallest
twist of the lens. In the end, the only
nonsense are good, evil, and our
profound inability to truly understand
either one. Humankind is lost in a
shadowland of deceitful specters and
sinister illusions.
They're blind the truth, and I fear
we'll never be able to see the light.
When I got back to the privacy of
Falling Skies Hogan, I pulled him out of
my pocket and set him on the floor. He
transformed back to his true self, a
middle-aged Navajo man who looked like
he ate right and worked out regularly.
Even though he looked pretty damn good
for an 800year-old man,
there was a sadness in his eyes that was
never touched by his laughter.
I could sense a horrible tragedy in his
past life, something so awful and
unthinkable.
His only choice had been to submerged
the trauma into the depths of his soul.
I vowed to myself that if we managed to
come out of the situation in one piece,
I convinced him to talk about it.
Confession, you know, it's the first
step to healing.
He gave me a puzzled glance and said,
"What are you staring at?" "No offense,
Billy White bread, but I don't like you
that way." I snorted. Me thinks the skin
walker doth protest too much. Never
mind, dude. We'll talk about it some
other time. Ready to do this?
He smiled a little to himself and asked,
"Are you ready?
This bookman of yours will try to kill
us when we get back. You're at war with
a powerful enemy. He will not show us
mercy.
Softly replied,
"Yeah, I know. Praying on the weak and
innocent. That was his pastime. He was a
serial killer. Wonder how many women and
children he victimized when he was still
alive."
The skinwalker gave me a grim look. He
said, "Even one is too many. He thinks
he's untouchable. He's never gone to war
with Falling Sky and Billy Whitebred,
has he? He's about to get an unpleasant
surprise. I nodded and said, "I hope so,
man." They really do. Shitags like him,
they like to operate in the dark, so
we'll have to drag them into the light.
Then we'll let them burn.
We locked eyes with each other, and the
physical world fell away in strips and
fragments.
We are going back to finish what we
started.
We were going to war.
We found ourselves back in the Victorian
age replica of my hometown, standing in
the exact same spot where we had left.
Nothing had changed.
Everyone was still dead.
Once again, I found myself wondering
what to do next. I was determined to see
this through to the end, but I was also
pretty freaking scared. This wasn't
interactive dinner theater anymore. The
the danger was real.
Falling Sky looked alert, ready for
action beside me. He gestured at the
steeple of the church in the distance. I
feel like it was strange the reverend
was absent from the church. Everyone
else was playing their parts, so why was
he missing?
I shrugged and said, "Yeah, I was
wondering about that, too." But the guy
who killed Catherine was I don't know
kind of weathered looking like he spent
a lot of time outdoors. Think he was
either a shepherd or a farm hand. He
definitely smelled like he worked around
livestock. The skinwalker folded his
arms and said, "I think we should go
back there and have a look around. It's
a feeling I have in my heart and I
always trust my heart."
I felt a chill creep down my spine now
that I was back on the other side
standing amongst all the dead bodies on
the street. My bravado was starting to
crumble. Yeah, I think he's probably
connected to the church. But how? If he
isn't the reverend, then he must be a
member of the congregation. All I know
for sure is that we've got more
questions than answers. Honestly, I'm
starting to wonder if this is a good
idea. Falling sky gave me a somber look.
he asked. Are you afraid? This is the
most important question.
Reluctantly, I said, "I mean, yeah,
sure. Why wouldn't I be scared right
now? I might get killed. I'm not ready
to stop living, man. Look, I'll do what
I got to do, but I'm hoping we don't
have to um
you know,
this all ends with a peaceful
resolution.
Falling Sky crossed his arms and said
nothing. His expression was neutral, but
his silence felt like an accusation.
I snapped. What? It's not weird to be
scared of a supernatural murderer, is
it? I mean, he killed a whole freaking
city full of people. They weren't even
alive to begin with. It's like, you
know, like jumping into the Saturday
comics and killing Snoopy. But not just
Snoopy, but like all of them. The yellow
bird, Charlie Brown, Lionus, the mean
girl with the dark hair, piano kid, even
the dirty kid. What's What's his name?
The The kid that was already surrounded
by that big cloud of dust. Look, I'm I'm
just saying this guy is dangerous. I
don't want to die. I mean, some of us
can't turn into a bear. You know what
I'm saying?
The skinw walker just stood there
looking at me, not speaking.
I felt my face get red. I slapped my
utility belt with both hands and
sputtered. What do you want from me?
Seriously, I don't I don't even have a
weapon. I got [__] all over here, man.
My squirt gun do anything? I doubt it.
How about the garlic? Oh, look. Here's
some stupid little beads. What am I
supposed to do with this [__] This
whole thing is just It's so [__]
stupid, you know?
I trailed off beneath the weight of his
gaze.
I knew what the skinwalker was thinking.
And as much as it pained me to admit the
truth to myself,
he wasn't wrong,
I murmured. Was a stupid idea. I don't
know what I was thinking. What are we
even doing here, man? I'm not a
detective. I'm I'm not a ghostbuster
either. Not even a good caretaking
assistant. Crying out loud. I'm just a
lazy dirt bag who doesn't freaking think
before he acts.
I shook the beads at Falling Sky and
sputtered. Man, I want to help this
girl. I really do. I mean, I I saw her
death. I I I felt it.
That [__] guy needs to burn. Or like
maybe he should be boiled alive. I don't
know. Something along those lines.
Something with a lot of heat. But none
of that matters. It's kind of hard to
admit to something like this, but I
My voice suddenly got horsearo and my
eyes started welling up with tears. I
wiped them away with an angry swipe of
my sleeve. What sort of man starts
freaking crying about his shortcomings
at a time like this? It was ridiculous.
But that was the problem, wasn't it? I
was a ridiculous person at heart. I was
a goofy manchild. And and that's the
truth.
I needed to stop farting around and face
my reality head on. Shortcomings and
all, but it's not easy to click on the
light and take a good hard look at
yourself in the mirror, is it? It hurts
to see those flaws. It's It's
humiliating.
I hitched in a shaky breath and I
quavered.
I'm probably going to [__] this up, man.
It's what I do. I I I [__] things up and
then I just sort of slink away with my
hands in my pockets.
Falling Sky raised an eyebrow at a
sudden outpour of emotion,
he said. Yes, I see. Well, I don't know
about any of that, but I'll tell you
what. I'll take those beads off your
hands if you don't want them. Those are
some really nice beads.
I rubbed my temples and groaned. This
[__] headache. Good God. Why do I
have a real headache in a pretend
reality?
Anyway, sure. I'm scared. What else do
you want me to say? I'm not a I'm not a
fearless tough guy. I'm not the
brightest bulb in the pack either. And
yeah, man, you're right. I do have a
doineering mother. Actually, the word
doineering, it's it's a [__] vast
understatement. That woman's like an a
like an angle grinder. She'll cut you up
from every direction and then she'll
wear you the [__] down. It's It's all
true. But I'm here, aren't I? I'm here
and I'll fight. If there's no other
choice, I'll fight hard. Most
importantly, I I'll stand up for what I
believe is right.
Falling Sky stared at me for another
moment or two, and then he gave me a
slow nod of approval. His lips curled
into a grin. He clapped me on the
shoulder and said, "I was just [__]
with you, little brother. It's good to
be afraid. If a man becomes too brave,
he'll join his ancestors before his time
has come. Be afraid, Billy White bread.
Stay alive."
Falling Sky may have eaten a few people
out in the desert. Sure. But
he was still a good guy at heart.
I gave him a tired smile and said,
"Thanks, man. I needed that." And yeah,
you can have the beads if you still want
them. I honestly don't know what to do
with them. Not a [__] clue. By the
way, you missed your calling. If you
weren't a witch, you would have been a
great therapist. You're you're good at
staring at people until they spill their
guts.
Only if I could become an owl, he
answered in a serious tone. Owls are
very wise. They hear the great song of
the universe and they understand it.
I mowled that over for a few seconds and
I said,
"Uh,
what? Seriously, like what? What are you
even, man? I I have no idea what you're
talking about. It's like you just make
[__] up as you go." He nodded in
agreement. I tell outrageous lies.
That's just for fun. The great song is
no laughing matter. All worlds ride upon
its melody on all levels of creation.
I chuckled to myself a bit. I told him
that doesn't clear anything up. Just
creates more questions to be honest, but
that's a problem for another day.
Let's go find that book man.
Let's do our best to [__] up his world.
Huh?
We navigated through the corpse laden
streets of St. Michael's Church. As we
stepped onto the church grounds, the
bell started to ring. I almost jumped
out of my skin. It rang 13 times and
then
it stopped.
They murmured. That's pretty ominous.
I guess he knows we're here.
The doors to the front entrance were
standing open. We shuffled inside. had
both of us tensed to either fight or run
if something tried to grab us. I found a
guest book near the door and I took a
peek inside. In large block letters,
someone had scrolled the words, "Turn
back or die." I crossed every single
page.
I snorted too late, friendo, and closed
it with a muffled thump.
I turned and saw a falling sky wandering
towards the pulpit. He stood in front of
the podium and pulled his war club from
its leather holster. He tapped the
podium with the club and called out,
"Show yourself, bookman. We've come to
send you to the darkest corners of
existence. Come out and face your end
with dignity."
The skinwalker's words bounced off the
ceiling and echoed off the walls.
I held my breath as we waited for a
response, but the church remained still
and quiet.
Falling Sky whacked the podium hard
enough to crack the wood and shouted,
"Your ancestors are a bunch of wimpy
little girls." "That's right, I said it.
Now what?"
An elderly man came bursting from a
discrete door at the rear of the church.
It looked like a scarecrow in a long,
dark castle. He stormed over to glared
falling sky from beneath the bushy white
clouds of his eyebrows.
"What in the name of the Almighty do you
think you're doing? Stop beating on that
podium. It's done nothing to you.
Falling pointed the businessman of the
club at the old man and snarled, "Are
you the booked man? Did you kill the
girl?"
The old man planted his hands on his
hips and sputtered. "What in the are you
drunk? I can assure you I haven't the
slightest idea what you're talking
about."
I waved to get Falling Skye's attention.
Wharely, I said, "That's not him. I
don't recognize this guy. Who are you,
man? The old man gave me an indignant
look and shouted, "Who do you think I
am, sir? King of Spain?" What a complete
asinine question. My name is Reverend
Jonathan Kimble. This is my church, and
that's my podium, good sir. I thank you
to stop pounding on it with your damn
club, godforsaken fool.
The skinwalker backed away a few steps
from the reverend's anger. He warded off
the furious clergyman with a raised hand
and said, "A murder of children lurks
beneath your roof, old-timer. What's his
name?"
The reverend gaped at him in shock. He
waved his arms in the air and stammered,
"I have no knowledge of such a fiend in
my congregation.
You must be mistaken."
Something about the old man's appearance
caught my attention.
It was the cuff of his sleeve, frayed
and torn. I pointed at it and asked, "Do
you have any idea what happened to your
sleeve, Reverend?" He frowned at his
cuff and muttered, "I don't really know
what happened, truth be told." The
parson told me he snagged it on a bush
somewhere, but I'm not sure if I believe
him. He's a bit of an odd duck, but I am
sure he'd prove to be an adequate
replacement when I retire from my
service to the Lord.
I felt my heart skip a beat in my chest.
Slowly, I said, "Wait a minute." "The
parson? Like another clergyman who helps
you run the show?" Reverend Kimell made
a sour face and answered for the time
being, "Yes, he'll be my successor as
the head of the church. He's grown fond
of referring to himself as the
shepherd." The man even started keeping
a few sheep in his back garden. I find
his demeanor rather strange. It's true.
But as long as his interest in animal
husbandry doesn't get in the way of his
duties at the church, I have no cause to
complain. I wish him all the best in the
coming years.
In my mind's eye, I saw a ghostly
fingertip crawling.
The person cut my neck in a pile of
dust.
And just like that, it all clicked into
place. Trying my best to keep my voice
neutral, I asked the reverend,
"Uh, excuse us for a moment, would you?"
I dug at Falling Skye's arm. He gave me
a puzzled look, but he allowed me to
lead him away. I leaned in close and
quietly said, "Keep it down." I just had
an epiphany just now, man. Catherine was
trying to tell us it was the person. I
mean, she's only seven. She probably
just got the words mixed up. It makes
sense now why he's always visiting their
home. A lot of churchgoing folks would
be honored if their parson started
showing up for a visit. He's probably
doing it to get close to Catherine.
The skinwalker shot a mistrustful glance
over at the reverend. He grumbled. What
is an it pipney?
What about the old man? It still seems
very strange he wasn't around the first
time we came here. I lowered my voice
even more and whispered, "Maybe he was
dodging us on purpose. I don't know.
trying to figure it out.
Falling Sky abruptly whirled around and
yelled, "Hey, old man. Why were you
hiding from us? Speak the truth, old
man, or I'll tell the ancestors to hunt
you down in the spirit world." My jaw
dropped in dismay. I nudged him with my
elbow and softly growled. Shut up,
idiot. Do you not understand the concept
of being subtle? Falling Sky snapped. I
don't even know what that word means,
Billy White bread. All I know is that it
is time for some answers.
Reverend Kimble was giving us a look of
utter confusion. He sputtered, "I'd
never hide from my congregation, sir. I
was called away by the parson preparing
a sermon for upcoming service. He wished
to discuss the true meaning of Matthew
19:14."
I gave him a blank stare in return.
My family had never been very big on
going to church. I didn't know much
about the Bible. I asked, "What's
Matthew 19:40?" "I'm sorry, but I I
don't have a I don't have a clue what
you're talking about." The Reverend
glared at me with contempt. He said,
"It's a quote from Jesus in the book of
Matthew. He said, "Suffer little
children, forbid him not to come unto
me, for of such is the kingdom of
heaven." Now, I believe the meaning is
quite obvious, given the context of the
falling sky barkked, "Be quiet, you
tired, some old bag of wind. Just tell
us his name. Reverend Kimble stammered.
Who? Whom you be referring to? The
Parson? The skinwalker and I both
shouted, "Yes."
And the reverend flinched.
He held up his hand and exclaimed, "No
need to raise your voice at me. His name
is William Finley."
The reverend was interrupted by a sharp
metallic object that suddenly burst
through his neck. A tall dark figure
materialized behind him, seemingly out
of thin air. I grabbed the elderly man
by the shoulder and tore the knife out
of his neck, mostly decapitating him in
the process. His head flopped sideways
in a spray of blood and then rolled on a
few shreds of meat to hang in front of
his chest. I gasped, "Holy fuck!" and
stumbled back. My heart slammed in my
chest like it was trying to escape.
Beside me, Falling Sky transformed into
a mountain lion. He bared his teeth and
snarled, the fur on his back standing on
end.
The bookman lifted the reverend's body
with one hand, and he threw it aside
like a ragd doll. It hurdled through the
air and slammed into a wall with a heavy
thud. He drew back his hood, revealing a
nightmare of gray skin and sunken
blazing eyes. He revealed his rotting
teeth and a horrible grin.
The horrible apparition croked,
"Vengeance belongs to my lord. If he did
not see fit to punish me, and he is
already done. Why are you trying to
challenge the authority of the Lord?"
I tried to speak, but my tongue was
glued to the roof of my mouth. The
bookman was practically radiating a
shadowy and sinister force. I could feel
it prickling at my skin. He wasn't just
a malevolent spirit. He was something
much, much worse. Falling sky crouched
down low and hissed. Be gone, demon. You
have no business in the spirit world.
Leave this place and return to the void.
The bookman looked darkly amused. I am
no demon. No, I am only a humble
clergyman in the service of his lord.
You should have stayed clear of this
business, you damnable fools. I gave you
many warnings, but you paid them no
heed. I have no choice but to release
your souls into the spirit realm. I
sneered. The [__] off. You don't serve
any higher power. You're not a holy man.
You're a freaking psycho and you're full
of [__] I tried my best to sound brave,
but my voice quavered. The bookman bared
his decaying teeth in a koi smile. He
crroned. Oh, you are gravely mistaken.
My lord is terrible to behold. His body
is that of a serpent, and his eyes
glitter from within the skull of a
canine. At the end of creation, it will
be I who sits at his left hand. It will
be my reward for my faithful service,
and you will not interfere with my
reward. You wretched little bastard. He
moved so fast I didn't even see him
coming. Falling sky, however, had the
reflexes of a cat. He pounced just as
the bookman was swinging his knife. The
tip barely grazed me, drawing a thin
line of blood across my neck. And then
they were rolling across the floor in a
snarling tangle of limbs. Falling sky
emitted a shrill shriek of agony. His
cry broke my paralysis, and I lurched
after them on trembling legs. My water
pistol in hand. I screeched, "Eat it,
bitch." And I sprayed him in the face
with liquid silver nitrate. It got in
his eyes and he let out a guttural roar.
The bookman sprang to his feet and
heaved falling sky with one hand,
tossing him like a sack of potatoes. He
skitted into the prayer desk, sending it
tumbling in a cascade of papers. I ran
to his side and screamed, "Get up, man.
Come on. We got to run." Falling muled
faintly in response, and then his eyes
rolled into the back of his head. The
bookman had slashed him deeply across
his furry underbelly. Blood was rolling
across the floor in a puddle. I dragged
him into my lap as the bookman advanced
on us. I was dimly aware that I was
screaming at the top of my lungs. I'm
not ashamed to admit that I pissed
myself a bit, too. This a little squirt.
I mean, perhaps, but it definitely
happened.
In my mind's eye, the floor became ice
as we transformed into hot lava. We
melted out of sight just as the bookman
was reaching for my throat, and we
plummeted through an undefined space of
nothing and nowhere.
I could hear a sound like white static
in the background and I became aware of
a brilliant thread of light in the
distance.
It appeared to stretch forever in both
directions.
It was breathtaking
and it was somehow also terrifying.
A thin piping voice of King Murkus
popped into my head and had asked, "Can
you see the threat?"
And then we were both sprawling out on
the floor in the skinw walker's habitat
as if we'd fallen from a great height.
His blood immediately began to gush into
the sand and I sat up and shouted,
"Cass, he's hurt really bad. Help me."
The speaker crackled overhead.
There was a long pause and then Cass
replied,
"You're placing me in a difficult
position. We cannot both enter the
habitat at the same time." I shrieked.
"Come on, [__] the rules, man. We got to
bring him to Miss Dalia right now or
he's going to die. Get in here. Help me.
God damn it. I started dragging Falling
Sky across the sand and I heard a hiss
as the pneumatic door lock slid back.
Cass gently pushed me aside and he
scooped the unconscious beast into his
arms. His expression was grave. He
rumbled. Victor did not implore us to
play detective. If the skinwalker dies,
we will join him soon after. Pray that
he lives.
Cass whirled and ran for the door. I was
hot on his heels, tears streaming down
my face. Falling sky was no longer just
another exhibit at the zoo. He was my
friend. Vic would surely fly into a rage
when he heard about my shenanigans. But
that was unimportant at the moment. All
that mattered was my good friend,
Falling Sky, the maneating shaman with a
heart of gold. I didn't care what
happened to me later, as long as the
skinwalker was allowed to stay among the
living.
[Music]
Miss Dalia was sleepy eyed and irritable
in a frumpy night gown. She flung open
the door to the reception area and
started to curse at me. But her
expression changed when she saw the
bleeding mountain lion in Casemir's
arms. "I'm sorry," I sobbed. "He's
dying. Can you fix him? Please help us."
She plucked falling sky out of Casemir's
arms and hurried over to the waterfall.
I squirmed around anxiously as she
drizzled the water over his gaping
wound, singing her ethereal song.
Behind us, the door slammed open with a
bang, and a security goon came storming
inside. He took one look at what was
happening and growled, "The [__] is
this, Cass? I follow the blood trail
from Skinwalker's habitat." Nah, don't
say anything. Save your breath for
Victor. I'm detaining you people right
now. Put your hands up.
Cass suddenly lunged at him, moving fast
and low. He shoved the barrel of the
security guard's rifle towards the
ceiling. At the same time, he dove the
heel of his palm into the goon's lumpy
nose. It broke with a muffled crack and
a gush of blood. Casemir tore the rifle
out of his hands and slammed it into his
chest, driving him back through the
doorway. He quickly slammed the door
shut and locked it with a turn of the
deadbolt.
The big Russian looked at me and calmly
said, "We are in very deep [__] now."
How is the skinw walker doing? Will he
live?
Miss Dalia gave him a gentle nod.
He'll be fine, sugar. It'll be a few
hours before he can move. He was almost
gone. I can usually save them, but not
always. We got lucky tonight. He nearly
died.
Cass let out a deep breath and murmured,
"That's good. Falling sky is a very
popular attraction.
Perhaps he will not die in the morning
after all.
I sucked in some air through my teeth
and said, "Victor isn't my only problem
right now. I still have the book man to
deal with. You see, you see what he did
to fall guy? This guy's not your
ordinary spirit. He's on another level.
I I don't think I'm safe over here. You
better believe I'm not safe over there."
He almost took my head off with a big
ass knife. Falling sky. He saved me.
That's That's how he got hurt. An angry
fist pounded on the door. A nasly voice
squalked from the other side. [__] up,
Kazmir. You're going to regret that.
I'll ask Victor if I can kill you
myself, you [__] commie.
Casemir called back. When the time
comes, we will see. Until then, do not
attempt to come inside. You would be
unwise.
Miss Dalia was looking very, very
annoyed. She grabbed the finger at me
and demanded, "What have you boys gotten
up to tonight? Sound like you were
poking around and you stirred up a
hornets's nest, didn't you, sugar?
I grimaced.
Yeah, pretty much.
Long story short, we were trying to
solve Catherine's murder. Now her
murderer wants to kill us, too. He's
this really evil, [__] up, like shadow
spirit or something, you know? Like just
really bad news all around this guy. He
was a creepy serial killer when he was
alive and now he's something a lot
worse.
She nodded thoughtfully, frowning to
herself a little when the security agent
began pounding on the door again.
She said,
"Well, I suppose you two should stay
away from the spirit world for a while."
I pressed my lips together in an unhappy
line and shook my head. I don't think
we're safe anywhere, Miss Dalia. He's
not an ordinary spirit. He can get us
and he will get us. We won't be able to
fight him.
Falling Sky quietly wheezed. I'd sooner
die
and always remain in my prison. The
spirit world is my only escape.
The water nymph gave him a sad look and
scratched behind his ear. She dabbed
away a few tears with her other hand and
she sighed. I understand completely.
Sugar,
we're all prisoners here.
You, me, all of us.
Even the caretakers are prisoners. They
just
They can't just quit and go find a new
job, can they?
He has us all under his fat, greasy
thumb, and there's no way out.
It's not much of a life, but I suppose
it's better than the alternative.
I felt a sudden thickness in my throat.
Everything was [__] you know.
Everything was so messed up, every
aspect of our lives. And it was all
because of Vic Bonacelli,
used car salesman, gangster, hitman,
zookeeper,
and calculating sociopath.
He could greet you like an old friend.
He could or he could stab you in the
eyeball.
It's all the same to Victor Bonichelli.
The incessant pounding on the door
abruptly stopped.
Miss Dollia sniffed. Thank god that was
driving me crazy. Cass said it would be
better if he was still beating on the
door. He was probably on his way to call
Victor. We don't have much time. What is
your plan, Billy?
I rubbed my poor aching head. He was
hurting something fierce. He squeaked. I
don't know, man. There's some stupid
rule that I need to know his name before
he faces any justice. And I I don't have
his last name yet. I know his face. I
know his given names. It's William
Finley something or other, but it's not
enough. Everyone who knew him is long
gone. I guess I could I could try to
find them in the spirit world, but
[__] will show up and cut my throat
the moment I step across the barrier.
I think I'm kind of [__] over here.
Cass thought about it for a moment,
staring off into space, and then he
said, "Perhaps you should not step
across the barrier, then.
Perhaps you should lure him into the
space between this world and the other
one."
A violent shiver tore down my spine, and
the hairs of my arm stood up. I tried to
keep the quiver out of my voice.
That place is [__] intense, man.
There aren't any directions, no up or
down, but somehow there's still like
dimensions and and space. I don't know
how to describe it. I saw this huge
brilliant light, and it seemed like it
was so far away, but it was also right
there, like right in front of me. I
mean, I I can't I can't really describe
it. It was this enormous light that
stretched out forever and ever, and
that's all I can say. It's freaking
crazy over there. It doesn't make any
sense.
Miss Dollia gently murmured. That's the
threat, Billy. All of creation is
attached to the threat. Most humans
wouldn't be able to see it. You're y'all
are so distracted by what's right in
front of your eyes and can't perceive
anything that lies beyond. No wonder the
sprites were interested in you. That's
very unusual.
Glumbly, I said. You heard about that,
did you? Yeah. You paid me a visit, but
it didn't do me any good. I'm supposed
to be under their protection, but that's
obviously some [__] I mean, that
bookman [__] almost cut my
freaking head off.
Where's their sheriff when that
happened? He was nowhere to be seen. If
it weren't for Falling Sky, I would have
become a permanent resident of the
spirit world.
Miss Dalia patted my hand. She asked,
"Who? Sheriff Blotto? Is he still
kicking around?" "Well, I imagine he
already knew you weren't going to die."
The fake can see into the future. I
mean, they can't see the end of days. Of
course, that's a given. Not even the
demigods or the demons can see that far,
but they can see, so don't write them
off just yet. I scoffed at her and said,
"You, what about him?" I pointed at
Fallen's guy who's still curled up in a
miserable ball on the floor. She gave me
a shrug and said, "Skinwalker doesn't
have their protection. He doesn't need
it. He's a tough cookie and he knows
what he's doing. You
not so much."
Caz clapped his hands together and
growled, "Enough talk. You need to act.
Victor will be here soon. I will not
stop him from entering the room. I have
done too much already." I snapped. Fine.
I'll go back to uh whatever you want to
call it, the place in between us and the
dead. And and then and then what? Miss
Dalia shrugged at me again. She put a
hand on my shoulder and said, "I don't
know, Billy. I've never been there. But
I do know that the universe uphores an
imbalance.
I think you'll find what you need when
you get there. Do what you need to do,
sugar. We'll be waiting for you.
The water nymph hesitated and then she
leaned in to plant a very soft kiss in
the corner of my mouth.
My heart lurched in my chest. I gawkked
at her in a mixture of shock and
surprise.
Take that with you. She smiled and then
she stood back and waited.
They were all looking at me expectantly
and I had no idea what the [__] I was
supposed to do. In the back of my mind,
King Murkus asked again if I could see
the thread.
I thought, "Yes, sir. I I can."
And I closed my eyes.
This time, I imagined the floor was
lava.
And it was me who was made of ice.
I instantly evaporated. My entire being
boiling apart in a swarm of microscopic
fragments. The cloud floated into the
air and passed through the ceiling
overhead. There was a feeling of gentle
resistance, like I was forcing myself
through a veil of gauze,
and the parts of me reassembled in a
strange and unknowable realm.
I was in between here and there, this
and that.
I was in the great nowhere end
and it was time to kick the bookman's
murdering ass into the void.
[Music]
The human mind can't fully comprehend
what lies in between the world of the
living and the land of the dead. When
you're in between, there's no such thing
as space or dimensions.
There is no up or down. Width, length,
and height are mostly a suggestion,
never a rule. Likewise, time has no
meaning at all.
There's only now and after that,
a different now.
You can also be in the now that just
happened, now sometime in the future,
and a now from the very different past.
For those of us who normally exist in a
linear timeline, it's nothing short of a
nightmare. There's no place for the
living or the dead. It's the realm of
the immortals. We call them demons,
demigods.
The immortals can enter our reality at
will at any point in time or space. The
only mortal beings who can replicate
this feat are the sprites.
They hear the great song of the universe
and they understand the meaning of its
intricate melody. The great song is
generated by the vibration of the
thread. According to the succubus, the
thread was plucked by the finger of the
creator at the exact moment it came into
being.
First came the thread and the song and
then the sprites who were created the
very next instant. All other events in
our timeline began after the sprites
became aware. Their collective
consciousness will be the last thing to
disappear at the end.
The sprites are the official rulers of
all the fa folk and Murkus is their
king.
The sprites have the ability to
manipulate the thread of existence. They
can alter the timeline by interfering
with an event or they can create a new
reality by introducing an event that
otherwise would have never occurred.
They may not be gods or even demiggods
for that matter, but they wield enormous
power.
However, for all their incredible might,
the sprites are still mortal. They'll
exist until the end of days. But when
the last gasp of energy flickers out in
the void,
they'll be gone.
The place in between is the realm of
entities that were never alive and
therefore
can never die.
These creatures are familiar with
mundane concepts such as time, space,
mortality, and income taxes, but none of
it affects them.
The immortals either regard us as cattle
to feed their various desires or they
don't regard us at all. Long story
short,
we don't have many friends over there.
In conclusion, it's all way beyond the
understanding of our primitive little
brains. Nonetheless, if you can achieve
a higher state of perception, perhaps
with the help of a skin walker and his
potent psychedelic tea, it may be
possible to break through and enter the
realm of demons. Oh, you won't like it,
but you can go there. I wouldn't
recommend this experience, but sometimes
sometimes
you got to do what you got to do. Of
course, I already traveled through the
space in between while shutting back and
forth from the spirit world. But this
time was different. I wasn't just
passing through. I was officially a
visitor in the kingdom of the immortals.
The first thing I noticed was a
brilliant shimmering streak of light.
The thread is the only visible object in
every direction, and it stretches from
the beginning to the very end. Every
event in our timeline at every location.
I was looking at home from a vantage
point that was never meant to be
experienced by a human being. It made me
feel very alone and very
very small.
I was in between the place of demons and
demigods
and I did not belong there. Some of
these beings harbor a deep hatred for
the living and others are completely
indifferent. A few of them desire our
worship, and a handful of them would
rather skip all that nonsense and just
eat us alive. All in all, not a very
safe neighborhood for a guy like me, and
that is an understatement.
Speaking of which, the next thing I saw
was a horrific monstrosity beyond my
wildest imaginations.
It materialized from the void out of
nowhere, filling my entire field of
vision with its terrible form. Imagine
an object the size of a planet hovering
in a fathomless void and staring you
down with a 100 billion eyes. It was so
big I couldn't even understand what I
was looking at. It was just a giggantuan
blob of darkness and evil.
I started to scream and the cosmic
gorgon was abruptly replaced by a
gorgeous woman in a red dress.
It was the actress Kelly Lebr looking
exactly as she had appeared in the
mid80s romcom movie The Woman in Red. I
had a quick flashback of peeping around
the corner at my parents watching their
grown-up movie on the VCR. The woman in
the red dress made guest appearances in
my dreams for months.
She was eventually replaced by Samantha
Fox after I saw one of her music videos
on TV. Apparently, the woman in the red
dress was still lurking around in my
subconscious because
there she was in the flesh.
I blubbered. "You order the succubus,
right? I mean, the one from the zoo."
She giggled. "There are many demons, but
there's only one succubus. I'm sorry I
gave you a fright, but as I already told
you, my true form is
um it's a bit overwhelming. Do you like
this better?
You used to dream about marrying the
woman in red. You remember that? And
then Samantha Fox came and stole your
heart away. Do you remember how you
would kiss your pillow and pretend it
was her? It made my face flush red with
embarrassment. I mumbled some half-ass
denial and she purred, "You can't lie to
me, dear. I already know the truth.
Anyway, you really shouldn't be here,
silly Billy. Talk about a fish out of
water. I grumbled. This is the last
stitch effort to save the day. Give me a
break. I rubbed my temples and let out a
soft groan.
I was in a place that couldn't even be
defined by the laws of the physical
world, but I was still battling a
headache. I explained to her that if I
couldn't pin the bookman with his true
identity, three things would happen.
One, he would never face any kind of
justice for his crimes. Two, poor little
Catherine would remain trapped in the
world of the living, doomed to suffer
her agony forever. And three, he'd
probably kill me. The bookman wasn't an
ordinary spirit. He served an entity he
referred to as a dark lord, and he had
the ability to transcend the bounds of
reality.
The succubus listened with a sympathetic
expression. She patted me on the chest
and said, "Well, it sounds like you're
about to get murdered. I think you
should just give up and let me eat you.
I mean, you're going to die anyway,
right? One last romp in the hay and then
you're gone." "What do you say, my
love?" I gently pushed her hand away
inside. "No thanks. If the bookman kills
me, at least I can live on in the spirit
world. If you kill me, I'm just gone."
She exclaimed. "Oh, come on. You can't
be serious. Do you not understand just
how long you'll exist in the spirit
world? It's a virtual eternity of being
a dumb, boring little ghost. Just
another sad, lonely spirit lost in a sea
of the dead. That's no way to spend a
countless millennia, is it? Come to
Kelly. I'll make it all go away. I
slapped her groping hands and yelled,
"Nope. Stop it. Friaking no for crying
out loud. No. I'm already a boring
person in life, so what does it matter
if I still suck after death?
Look, either you're trying to help me or
you won't. I'm willing to negotiate, but
eating my body and soul is completely
off the table. I like existing even if
it blows most of the time.
The succubus smirked at me and toyed
with my hair. She purred, "Oh, you
precious little chicken wing. Your blood
is a tad sour and your sexual
performance was ultimately forgettable.
But that soul of yours, fresh and spicy,
I can smell it. Okay, I'll help you
again. And you'll owe me deeply for this
help again. I'm a demon, Billy, not a
charity.
I gave her a stressed out grin and I
clasped my hands together in a tight
trembling knot. I squeaked, "Thank you.
Thank you so much, Miss
What should I call you anyway? I mean,
just referring to you as the succubus.
Uh, it seems kind of informal after,
you know,
the sex and the bloodrinking."
The demon gave me a withered look. she
sneered. "Oh, please." That meant
nothing. I was just having a sandwich,
that's all. A bland, boring little
sandwich. But it still hit the spot, of
course, because I was hungry. Don't
concern yourself with my true name. Long
story short, it will far exceed your
limited comprehension.
You're adorable, but you're just a
little guy, Billy. You have adorable
little arms and adorable little legs,
and you have a stupid little brain.
Just don't worry about it.
I felt my face get hot from
embarrassment, I muttered. Um,
I think that was maybe a little harsh,
but okay. Gotcha. So, like, I know you
can't tell me the book's real name, but
I might know a way around that stupid
ass rule, the Dark Lord or whatever the
[__] I think he might be a demon. Does
that name ring a bell? The succubus
rolled her eyes. I think so. Yes.
There's one demon in particular who
comes to mind. He loves to be woripped.
He influences weak or unstable people to
commit murder, maybe start a cult, all
that sort of thing. If you ask me, it's
much easier to just pluck an erotic
image from their minds and use it
against them. That worship stuff is
really timeconuming and just I don't
know. I suppose it all seems rather
inefficient,
I muttered. Yeah, efficiency is
everything.
Do you think you can help me find this
guy? He probably knows the bookman's
real identity, right? I maybe he can
give me a hint or something. I'm kind of
desperate over here. She arched a well
manicured eyebrow and snorted. I'm not
sure what good it would do, but yeah, I
could. Demons can see it all, hear it
all. We know it all. However, we can't
share that information with the mortals.
I don't know what would happen, but most
of us would rather play it safe. I've
heard the creator has something of a
temper.
I dropped one knee in front of her and
begged, "Please just give me the chance
to talk to him. I mean, what's going to
happen? You guys are immortal. Like,
you're going to be sentenced to the
electric chair."
"There are things
far worse than death," she answered in a
somber tone. "That's not a very strong
argument." I stamped my foot and
groaned. Please look, if you help me
find this dude, I'll agree to let you do
your thing again. Bang me stupid and
drink my blood. I'll let you have like
an entire pint this time. No, two pints.
How much blood do I need to be alive
anyway? Uh, [__] it. Two. Two pints if
you want. Just please.
A succubus brushed her lips against my
ear as she breathed. Your blood isn't
good enough. I want something better
this time. something more
substantial.
I want
your ear.
I want to tear it off with my teeth. She
giggled as I jerked away from her hot,
panting breath. I clapped my hands over
my ear and gasped, "Oh, hell no. Are you
crazy?"
The succubus crossed her arms and
sniffed. "Are you sure? I will remind
you there's another variable in this
equation that you seem to have
forgotten. Very shortly you'll be face
to face with Victor Bonachelli and he is
furious. He's driving to the zoo right
now and he's still wearing his pajamas.
He didn't even get dressed before he
left. You are in a lot of trouble.
I felt my heart drop
and all the general weirdness that was
happening. I forgot about Victor. I had
broken all kinds of rules that night,
and the boss was a stickler for the
rules. He was also dangerously volatile.
My throat suddenly felt tight,
constricted, as if Vic had already
strangled me with his phantom hands. I
croked.
"Can you stop him?"
The succubus rolled her eyes and
groaned. "Nope. I'm afraid not. Victor
has a part of me contained in the
physical world, so he's protected from
my charms. I wish I could tear him apart
like a rotisserie chicken, but still no
such luck. Len's voice popped up in the
back of my head. It said, "Good going,
Dumbo. You take an easy night shift, and
you turn it into your own murder." I
groaned, "Yeah, this figures."
[__] it. Let's do it. Okay, I got
nothing to lose at this point. Your ear,
sweetheart. The demon corrected me and
she gave me that predatory smile.
Remember, you're going to lose your ear.
I blinked back a sudden film of wetness
in my eyes. I quavered.
Is it going to hurt? Like
a lot. The succubus grabbed me by the
shoulder and gave me a brisk shake. She
exclaimed, "Oh, you poor stupid little
chickity. What kind of question is
that?" Of course it will hurt, silly.
Ears are very sensitive, but it'll be
over quickly, and I promise to heal up
the wound right after I'm done. You'll
be all better."
The demon released her iron grip on my
shoulders, and she sternly planted her
hands on her hips. She demanded, "So,
what is it? What do you want to do here,
Billy? Make up your mind. Either you can
be a big brave boy for Auntie Succubus
or you can be decapitated by the ghost
of a serial killer. Make your choice.
The look in her eyes scared the hell out
of me. You'd expect a lion to stare at
you like that, but when it's an actress
from the 80s, it hits a lot differently.
It was unnerving. That's a big
understatement. I closed my eyes and
said, "Do it." In a flash, I was naked
and lying on my back. She pinned my arms
down and panted. Don't you dare finish
too early this time. Think about
baseball or something.
And when it was over,
she collapsed on top of me. It was like
being smothered by a lead blanket.
Couldn't even draw enough breath to
scream. Her pupils started to rotate
like a time lapse of distant galaxies
against sparks of starlight. A part of
me wanted to get lost in that gaze, but
I fought against it with all of my will.
She crrew. Piece by piece, I will slowly
consume you. Mind, body, and soul. It'll
be like nibbling my way to the center of
a Tootsie Pop. I managed to weeze. Nope.
Won't eat me. She snickered. Is that so?
You should ask that little puddle fairy
about the fate of her first true love.
He thought he would resist me, but he
was wrong.
dead wrong.
I can't believe she's still mad about
that. Almost 3,000 years later. I swear
the fay can really hold a grudge, I
gurgled. No chance. Done.
Never again.
She gave me a knowing look. Is that so?
We'll see, won't we? There's no judgment
here, Mr. Whitebread. Desire is
everything. The demon lowered her voice
to a breathy whisper.
I can become anyone.
I'll let you do anything you've ever
desired. I can even become that [__]
cartoon girl from the movie about the
rabbit. I know how she made you feel.
Don't lie. I can see your most secret
fantasies.
I can see. I gasped. Okay, stop. Too
far. The succubus patted my cheek. She
purrred. Oh, I'm just teasing. It's so
easy to get you all riled up. I just
can't resist. Anyway, let's have that
ear, shall we? She pushed my head to the
side, and teeth like razors sank into my
flesh. I couldn't draw enough breath to
let out a scream of agony. It came out
as a faint whistle instead. I I was then
treated to the horrifying image of a
naked Kelly Lrock chewing on my ear. Her
lips and chin smeared with blood. I felt
my heart seize up in my chest and I
promptly passed out from shock.
The darkness was good.
It was welcome.
My last thought was,
I'm going to wake up dead.
And then I was gone for a while.
When the darkness departed from my mind,
I found myself lying at the feet of a
giant.
He looked like a member of a Gothic rock
band, but like really [__] tall. This
dude was at least 15 ft from head to
toe. His hair was jet black, his skin
deadly pale. The giant was wearing a
pair of black vinyl pants, matching
vest, and a bullet belt. His feet were
clad in leather boots that laced up to
his knees. He was shirtless beneath the
vest, revealing a muscular build and a
bunch of tattoos, a human skull hung
from his neck by a length of rusty
chain.
Much to my embarrassment,
I was still naked. My clothes were lying
in a messy pile nearby. I hurried to get
dressed, the giant looking on with an
expression of scornful amusement. He
crossed his arms and spoke to me in a
low, rumbling voice.
I am known to you as the dark lord, but
I have many other names. I am the thief
of innocence, the bishop of madness, and
the stabber of hope. I have 1 billion
names. Yet they all fall short of
describing the true depths of my evil.
Fear me, you pathetic little bug. Fall
to your knees and cry for your mother.
I gave him a dazed look and sputtered.
Okay, give me a second. Okay, I I just
woke up naked, my ears gone. Just chill
out, man.
He gave me a grumpy look and waited as I
wriggled into my Kevlar suit. When I was
done, I looked him up and down and said,
"Okay, so can I ask you a question?
Like, why do you look like that?"
"Like," he demanded. "What are you
trying to say?"
I shook my shoulders and waved a hand at
his outfit. I mean, you look like I
don't know, Trent Resnor on steroids.
It's kind of like, you know,
it's weird.
The dark lord gave me a sullen look. He
snorted. Yeah. So, I don't look like
this for you. I look like this for me
because this is who I am. Is that okay
with you, Dad? Am I grounded or
something? Eat a dick, buddy.
I held up my hand and stammered. Whoa.
Okay, simmer down. I'm just I'm saying I
opened my eyes. There you were like I
don't know, all gothed out and [__] I I
wasn't expecting to see you know
that. The dark lord pointed a finger at
me and snapped. Well, I don't need to
measure up to your expectations, do I?
Anyway, you'll hardly want to talk. Run
rock guy. You're all like, "Wow, look at
me. My hair is hanging in my face
because I'm such an introvert. So lame.
I gaped up at him with my mouth hanging
open. He glared back at me and then
pretended to answer a ringing phone.
Hello. Oh yeah, sure. I'll tell him
right now. He kept his hand over the
pretend receiver and yelled, "Hey,
[__] two years ago called. They want
their goofy hairdo back." I threw up my
hands and yelled, "Okay, okay. I'm
sorry. Jeez. Okay. I I just want to be
over this. Give me the bookman's real
name and I'm gone.
The demon gave me a cold stare.
He sneered. I wouldn't usually sacrifice
a loyal servant,
but the succubus is persuasive
politics. You know, she can be a
powerful ally someday. Just my opinion
here, but she's wasting her potential by
being obsessed with matters of the
flesh. I'd much prefer corruption over
consumption, if you get what I mean.
Killing is so messy and undignified. I'd
rather deceive the mortals into causing
each other harm instead of going in
there and doing it myself. I like
keeping my own hands clean.
He gave me a smug grin and I I answered
it with a look of distaste. I said, "I
don't know, man. I feel like that's
actually like a lot worse to be honest.
I mean this book guy, right? Uh he
[__] sucks. You might think the [__]
he's done is pretty awesome or whatever,
but you're wrong. Like, okay, just give
me his name. I'll be gone. The demon
gave me a sad look and replied, "What's
the hurry, grunge boy? I don't get a
chance to step out of character very
often. I'm always playing a role. I have
to pretend to be a monster from a horror
movie or an avenging angel or a
malevolent space alien. All kinds of
weird [__] He grinned and added,
"That's a popular one, by the way." The
space alien, "I've always been a talking
dog, a telepathic cloud, just, you know,
all kinds of weird [__] But I never get
to be myself. Just like hang out, have a
conversation with someone. It never
happens. It's a shame cuz I'm a really
interesting demon. Do you think I rung
my hands together and pleaded? Come on,
man. Just let's get real here, okay? I
don't want to hang out with you. Not
ever. You're Well, you're evil.
Can you give me his name, please?
Seriously, I I got to go. He crossed his
arms and growled. It's like that, is it?
Okay, sure. That's fine by me because
you're a little dork and I'm really
[__] cool. But I can't just directly
tell you his name. It's against the
rules, and I don't want to piss off the
creator. I've heard he he has a really
bad temper. But I suppose I can give you
a hint.
His last name rhymes with
um
it rhymes with Bren Bra.
It's all I can say.
I rub my temples again, desperately
trying to massage my aching brain.
Okay. Um,
slowly I murmured. Bren
Dren
Crrenshaw. Is that it? That's Crrenshaw,
right? Isn't it? The demon dropped an
exaggerated wink and then held up his
hand and said, "Oh, I can't confirm or
deny it. Seems likely, though. He's a
truly evil man with a nasty little black
heart, rotten to the core, just like I
like him." You know, it's funny. For
some reason, he thinks of me as a dog
skull with a body of a serpent. I also
have chunks of quartz in my eye sockets.
Always something really freaking weird
like that, you know? It gets so tedious
sometimes. The demon's voice was fading
away. I was already melting back into a
land of reality. The bookman's name was
burning on my lips. I heard the dark
lord call after me. Fine, get lost.
wasn't going to tell him about this, but
now I changed my mind. Brace yourself
because he's coming for your head.
I reenter the land of the living just in
time to see the door fly open with a
tremendous bang. It was Vic surrounded
by a small mob of his henchmen. The
succubus wasn't kidding. Vic had left
the house in his pajamas. He threw on a
bathrobe against the slight chill of the
night air and then he rushed out the
door. Vic's hair was sticking up in
random clumps and his bare feet were
slammed into a pair of fuzzy slippers.
It would have almost been comical. Looks
like his eyes were burning with rage.
His face was red as a brick. Keep in
mind I was still high as a kite in this
reality. Falling skies tea was doing its
thing and I was completely blasted. To
my perspective, my boss was yet another
demon from the nowhere zone. He was the
lord of self pajamas surrounded by his
cult of heavily armored fanatics.
It was screamingly absurd and completely
horrifying at the same time. I thought
my head was going to explode. Vic pulled
a pistol from a pocket in his bathrobe
and bellowed, "Drop the rifle, you
Russian piece of [__] Put it on the
[__] floor."
Cass silently laid the rifle down and he
slid it across the floor to Vic with a
nudge from the toe of his boot. Vic
snatched it up and ejected the magazine.
He shook it in the air and yelled, "So,
this is what happens when I'm not
around. This is what happens when my
back is turned."
Vic hurled the rifle across the room. It
whirled through the air, end over end,
and it bounced off the wall. He aimed
the pistol at Cass and snarled, "Don't
get no funny ideas over there, Stalin.
Have a seat on the edge of the pool."
He glared over at Miss Dalia, who was
kneeling on the floor beside Falling
Sky. Vick motioned at them with his free
hand and sneered. Oh, look here. It's
lady in a [__] Why aren't you cooling
your heels back in your own habitat,
Chief? What? You got nothing to say?
Come on, witch doctor. Why aren't you
watching TV and smoking your beast pipe?
Falling Sky looked startled when Vic
mentioned his illicit television, but he
remained silent. Vic glanced back at his
guards and sputtered, "He won't talk, so
I guess I'll have to say it instead.
It's because they weren't minding their
own freaking business. See what happens?
Snowballs, doesn't it? Then get out of
hand. A lie becomes two lies and four
lies. It snowballs before you know it.
Vic standing here in his [__] pajamas
and he's pissed.
Vic pointed at the water nymph and
boomed. Speaking of lying pieces of
[__] you ain't been exactly truthful
lately, have you? You've been deleting
all the security footage. I [__] knew
it. Now don't play dumb with me. I know
it's you. And who else could it be? Huh?
Those those critters out there, they
don't jack [__] about video cameras, let
alone how to erase a recording. And you
did it again tonight, didn't you? Audio,
video, all gone. I already checked. And
then we got this [__] guy over here.
This ungrateful little prick that can't
keep himself out of trouble.
Vic pinned me with his glare, and my
legs started to tremble. He pointed the
gun at me and demanded, "What in the
almighty [__] do you think you're doing,
kid? You trying to release my
poltergeist in the spirit world? My
freaking poltergeist? Mine?
Vic took a deep breath and he slowly
exhaled.
In a softer voice of his, he said, "Let
me ask you something, goofball.
You have any idea how much money she
brings in? Do you?"
Vic lumbered closer, his upper lip
wrinkling back in a snarl. He prodded me
with a barrel of the gun.
Ghosts are freaking rare, you little
douchebag. You know, stories of
hauntings, people talk about, the ones
you see, the the National Inquirer,
unsolved mysteries, they're all complete
[__] This is a scam for the rubes.
A real ghosts. Freaking hell. That's a
one in a million. You hear me? One in a
million. And not only do I have a ghost
on display, I have an honest to god
poltergeist.
The rarest of the rare. People will
offer me thousands of dollars on top of
their admission fee just so they can
stay and watch her for a little longer
right there on the spot in cash. Talk
about thousands here, Billy. Tens of
thousands. She bags me an extra 70 grand
just last week. Tax-free cheddar. Boom.
In my [__] pocket.
Vic leaned even closer. He murmured. So
I'll ask you again, Billy.
What the [__] do you think you're doing?
I tried my best to meet his ferocious
gaze, but
that was impossible.
His crimson demon face made me want to
start hyperventilating.
I stammered.
I'm I'm sorry, Vic.
It's just uh
Catherine said she's in pain. I mean,
all the time, day and night, for over a
century, it
it never stops.
Vick Snorton. And so what? She's a
freaking psycho.
Are you for real?
You seriously feel bad for this thing?
She'll beat your head in with a
hairbrush. Am I losing my mind over
here? Who the hell cares if she's in
pain?
I hesitated in the face of Vick's
bewildered wrath,
but in my heart, I knew it had to be
said.
I quickly blurted out,
"You should release her. I mean, yeah,
she's dangerous, but she's just a little
girl. You know, she didn't she didn't
deserve a fate like that. We can make it
right. Just let her
let her go.
My words dried up beneath the red hot
fury that blazed in Vic's eyes.
He screamed into my face. For the last
time, that ain't no little girl. It's a
ghost. It's not alive, jackass. What the
hell are you talking about?
I attempted to speak, but Vic shushed me
with the barrel of his pistol. He
rasped, "Listen to me, kid.
Here's where I'm coming from, okay? One,
she's freaking dead, deceased, not not
living, gone. That thing ain't human
anymore.
And two,
this place ain't supposed to be the
Garden of Eden genius. It's a zoo. We
showed a monsters in a natural state,
just like we found them.
He grabbed me by the chin and forced me
to look him in the eyes. See, the
guests, they come in, right? They come
in, they look around, they say, "Wow,
this one's a leprechaun, and this one's
a zombie, and that one's a [__]
dragon, and that one over there,
she's a ghost with her freaking head cut
off. You get it? I'm just displaying
them in their natural state, exactly as
I found them.
Vic looked profoundly disappointed in
me. His favorite little caretaker's
assistant.
He also looked very tired. He stifled a
yawn and said, "I'm no saint." That much
is true. But to my way of thinking, I'm
also doing nothing wrong over here, kid.
And to be very honest, this place is
just another enterprise. It It's my
passion,
but it's also a business. It was created
to make money for me, Victor Bonachelli.
And I I [__] love money. Don't you
understand who I am yet? You [__]
ding-dong. I'm a bad guy. I do bad guy
[__] and it makes me money. Believe me,
whatever happens in this zoo,
it's the least of my sins.
I felt my heart sink into the pits of my
stomach.
I understood my boss was a villain, but
it was still disheartening to hear him
say it out loud. Despite his many
serious flaws, a part of me really liked
Victor Bonachelli.
Every now and then, I'd see a brief
flash of a man he should have become if
his circumstances had been different.
I think
that made it a lot worse.
I murmured. Ghost or not, she can think
and she can feel. They all think and
feel Vic and they suffer. Vic patted me
roughly on the cheek and retorted,
"Don't worry about none of that, kid.
Worry about me instead,
cuz I'm trying to keep you alive right
now. Trying my very best to not [__]
kill you.
But you're making me second guess my
decision here, Capich.
So, let's be done with this, okay? End
the discussion. Moral of the story is
don't ever [__] with Victor's money. The
number one commandment in the book of
Vic. Don't even think about it.
In a cracked colorless whisper, I said,
"If I don't reveal the book of man's
identity, he'll come after me. He'll
kill me."
Vic flapped a hand at me in a dismissive
gesture. he asked.
Well, you know for sure. Hey, maybe he
won't bother. And if he does, well,
sounds like a you problem. Gave you a
gun, didn't I use it? And if that don't
work, maybe Cass will be getting a new
partner. All I know for sure is you
ain't revealing the guy's identity to
[__] nobody. Because if Catherine
disappears, so do you.
Vic patted me on the cheek again. The
impact was a bit softer this time.
He sighed dramatically and said you had
good intentions, kid. I understand your
point of view, but doing the right
thing, you know,
it ain't always in your best interests.
Sometimes you got to say, "Nah, [__]
those guys and do what's best for you.
Wish the whole world could join hands
and sing just like you." But that ain't
going to happen. You got to stop
following your heart. Start using your
brain instead.
I could see Cass sitting against the
edge of the pond in the background.
His expression was blank and neutral.
Looking at him, I had a sudden thought.
How did Vic know so much about what
happened tonight? All the surveillance
footage had been deleted. There was no
video, no audio, nothing. The only
witness to our shenanigans was the
security goon who got roughed up by
Cass. And I doubt he knew much about the
situation with Catherine.
So, how did Vic know exactly what was
going on? Who told him?
And when? Vic snapped his fingers in my
face. He barked. Don't look over there.
All right. He ain't going to help you.
Believe me, you're all in deep [__]
right now. And don't be drinking no more
of that tea with that skin walker. Jeez
Louise, your eyes ain't even looking in
the same direction. That [__] scramles
your brain absolutely off limits from
now on, Billy. He stabbed a finger into
my chest and added, "Don't be smoking no
grass around here neither. I know you
kids are all smoking a reefer these
days. Keep your doobies at home." He
turned to the others and commanded, "Now
get back to whatever you're supposed to
be doing all year. I'll deal with this
[__] tomorrow. Going back to bed
now." One of the burly security guards
pushed his way to the front. It was the
goon from earlier that night. His nose
was a slanting, swollen mess. In a nasal
tone, he added, "Hey, oh, hold up a
second. What about me, Victor? Look,
look what the Russian guy did to my
face. You going to let me return the
favor? Victor fixed him with a cold
stare.
He didn't respond for an uncomfortable
length of time.
He just stood there and glared at his
weward minion, breathing heavily. The
silence piled up in layers around them.
And finally, he said, "That ain't going
to happen. I understand your anger,
Tony, but you're speaking out of turn. I
don't owe you nothing like that. I deal
with it myself in my own way.
Tony, the security goon was much
displeased with his denial. He smacked
his fist into his palm in a show of
impotent rage and yelled, "I'm your
second cousin's godson, Victor. Don't
that mean something around here? You're
going to let me settle up with this
guy?" Victor gave him a serene look and
replied, "You're my second cousin's
godson is true.
the only reason you got this job.
But I don't make your family. See, not
in any sense of the word. I don't speak,
just listen. All right. This rough
looking bastard over there, he could
have ended you tonight, kid. This guy
was stacking bodies when you were still
in diapers. But here's the good news. He
didn't end. That's a gift.
Renewed lease on life, if you will. Take
it humbly. Learn from it.
Vic pointed at him, his expression still
calm and collected. He said, "But most
importantly, you need to learn how to
shut the [__] up. All right? Don't speak
unless I tell you to speak. Just give me
a quick yes, sir, Mr. Bone and Shel. Do
as you're told. See, right now, you
ain't doing your job. You're supposed to
be protecting this building and
everything inside of it." And that
didn't happen, did it? You ain't doing
your [__] job, Tony. Now, you think
you just start making demands over here,
huh? You got some real nerve, kid. I
don't think I want you around anymore.
Tony was finally starting to understand
what was about to happen. His rage
evaporated into a mist of watering eyes
and quivering lips. He held up his hand
and quavered. I'm sorry, Vic. I didn't
mean to speak how to turn ever again.
Uh, I I'll do better. Okay, please,
Victor. I'm your second cousin's godson.
Vic muttered. You ain't nobody to me.
and shot Tony in the mouth. The young
hoodlam stumbled backwards, a gurgling
scream bubbling through his shattered
teeth.
Vic shot him again in the leg and he
toppled to the floor. The boss casually
strolled over, his free hand tucked into
his bathrobe pocket. He said, "I don't
even like that, cousin, you [__]
dipshit."
He shot the man twice more, aiming for
the back of his head.
The gunfire was almost deafeningly loud
in the enclosed space of that reception
area.
The rest of Vic's security goons barely
even flinched. They had all seen it
coming.
Vic wordlessly pointed at the body and
his men sprang into action. As they
dragged away the corpse, Vic looked over
at us and barked. I can't freaking
believe you people. Cass fallen sky.
Miss Dalia.
Well, Billy, you're a different story.
You're still young. Used to have all
those morals and beliefs, all that
stupid [__] But the rest of you,
I thought you were smart.
Vic pulled his bathrobe shut, crossed
his arms tightly over his chest. He
groaned, "I don't know what to say to
you, guys.
You all disappointed me tonight. And
look what happened.
I almost lost my skin walker and my
poltergeist. And now I got to make up
some [__] story for my cousin, too.
A second cousin. I don't like it much.
[__] guy is a humorous prick. Anyway,
that's neither here nor there. I still
got to make up a story and I'll be
expected to hand the kid's parents a fat
envelope at his funeral, which will be
paid at my expense. By the way, you know
how much funerals cost these days? Holy
[__]
ain't just an arm and a leg. They want a
lung, a kidney. Bunch of [__] ghouls.
These funeral home people, I swear they
belong in a zoo.
The chorus of scream suddenly came,
echoing from across the dimly lit
expanse of the lobby. There was a
frantic burst of gunfire, followed by
another wave of screaming, and then
there was silence.
Falling sky pushed himself up into a
sitting position. He grimaced in pain as
he lifted a paw at the open door.
Someone should close that," he panted.
"He's here." Vic squinted into the
darkness. He growled, "Who is it? Is
that freaking book guy? The hell is
going on?" Something came rolling out of
a gloom. It wobbled to a halt in front
of Vick's slippers. It was a severed
head, freshly sliced from the shoulders
of a security guard. An expression of
agonized terror was frozen on his face.
One eye glared sightlessly at his feet.
The other was missing.
It had been replaced with a chunk of
quartz. Vic yelled something in Sicilian
as he kicked the severed head across the
room. He slammed the door shut and
announced. All right, guess I ain't
going back to bed just yet.
Miss Dalia looked stunned. He had a
small voice. She asked. How many men did
he just kill? Nine. 10? That's She
trailed off. Vic nodded and said, "Yeah,
it ain't good. He killed them all in
about 8 seconds tops. Not good at all.
Maybe your geniuses shouldn't [__] with
the undead. What do you think? Huh? I
tell you, sometimes I wish I could sell
this place and concentrate on the
dealership. Ain't no [__] over
there. Just quality vehicles at an
affordable price. I was freaking the
[__] out. The walls were breathing. The
ceiling was closing in. Everything was
wavering around like a heat mirage. And
now I was about to get killed.
Vic saw the look in my face and pointed
his gun at me. Don't say it. Don't even
[__] think about it. He kills you, I
kill you. Doesn't matter. It's all the
same. But none of it has to happen, kid.
You know why? Cuz Vic just got himself a
plan. He ran into his office and came
back with something that looked like a
bazooka. He said, "It's a netgun. Got it
made special just for times like this.
We got to nab this [__] while we
got a chance. He's a ghost. Things go
wrong, he just disappears. Now we get to
lure him in right now."
I already knew where this was going. I
said, "I'm not going to like this plan
very much, am I?" "Who [__] cares
what you like?" Vic snapped back. "He
wants you, not us. You gone. His
identity safe. So, we're going to stick
you out there and use you as bait. Okay?
When he comes to get you, I'll hit him
with the net gun." Net was treaty with a
coating of pure silver. When it lands on
him, that's it. We got him and he won't
be a problem no more. A horrible idea
came burbling to the surface of my mind.
Slowly I asked,
"Are you
are you planning on displaying him?"
"Oh, hell yeah." Vic bmed cheerfully.
"You better believe it. Real ghosts are
rare and a poltergeist, a needle in a
haststack. But this [__] guy, a
serial killing demon worshiping
[__] like him. Forget about it.
Money in the bank."
He wrapped his beefy armor around my
shoulders and said, "Picture it, Billy.
The demonic serial killer and his
victim, both of them right here, side by
side. That dynamic will be worth a
fortune, kid. I tell you, we pull this
off, it'll make me forget all about your
little transgressions here tonight. Not
to mention all those guys who got
freaking killed, right? The bosses back
in New York will be giving me hell about
that on Monday. You better believe it.
Vic shushed me with a barrel of his
pistol and said, "No, don't even try it.
I ain't asking over here, okay? I'm
telling. Stand there out in the lobby.
Maybe 15 ft or so from the door. That's
it. I'll do the rest."
He looked back at the others and shook
his finger at him. Everyone else keep
their opinions to themselves, ain't a
democracy.
Vic unlocked the door and eased it open.
He cuped his hand to his mouth and
yelled into the darkness. Hey, book man,
how about you and I make a deal, huh? I
give you Billy. In return, you leave the
rest of us alone. No one else knows your
identity. Just a kid. What do you say?
Hey, you you take him and go. I don't
give a [__] No hard feelings.
Out of nowhere, I was abruptly seized by
a fit of giggling. The tea washed over
me in a thick, sludgy wave, and now the
room was absolutely humming with
transcendent energy. I suddenly
understood I could be in love with Miss
Dalia and it would be okay. Nothing
matters but light and love. Vic gawkked
at me in disbelief. He sputtered, "What?
What are you laughing for? Get it
together, you freaking space cadet. Be
ready to move when I tell you to move
cuz I only got one shot of this prick.
So if you both wind up in the net
together, that's not my problems. Go on,
get out there.
He shoved me into the lobby and the
uncontrollable giggling started to a
halt.
The bubble of euphoria abruptly popped
and I was filled with dread. The shadows
danced and whirled in sinister patterns
and the floor rolled beneath my feet.
I was certain I was about to die.
I urgently whispered, "Sheriff Blotto, I
need your protection like right now.
Please, please, please don't let me get
murdered."
It was dead silent in the lobby. I could
hear a clock on the wall, steadily
worring the seconds away. I was almost
vibrating with adrenaline. Behind me,
Vic quietly growled, "What the hell is
he waiting for? Christmas? Come on, you
[__] [__] Kid's right there. Come
get him."
Seconds stretched into minutes. My legs
are trembling so badly, I thought I was
going to fall over. I was a brief moment
away from saying, "Fuck this shit." and
begging Vic to let me back in, but then
I heard a familiar sound out in the
thick of the gloom.
It was the muffled scrape of a shoe
against the floor. Steps were
approaching. I shot a quick look back at
Vic, blinking against the sweat that was
subtly pouring down my forehead. The net
gun was propped up against his shoulder,
and his finger was on the trigger. The
footsteps were drawing closer, but I
couldn't see anyone approaching. Weakly,
I called out, "Hey, is that you?
Hey,
show yourself, you [__] weirdo."
From somewhere down by my knees, a gruff
voice answered,
"Watch who you're calling weirdo, young
fell. I'll go save someone else's life.
How did that sound?" I looked down and
saw Blotto's weathered face scowlling up
at me. I started babbling a frantic
apology, but he waved it off and said,
"It's fine. Don't worry about it." I've
heard worse. Have you ever tried to sort
out a domestic dispute between an ogre
and his wife? This one time, the wife
had her husband in a choke hold when I
got there. So, I took her down and
chained her arms, and as soon as he
caught his breath, the husband jumped up
and started throwing haymakers at me
with those ham-sized fists while I was
struggling to get his arms behind his
back. The wife snuck up behind me and
kicked me in the groin. She kicked me so
hard I was launched in the air like a
rocket. Smashed through the ceiling and
landed in their attic. My poor little
acorn swelled up to the size of tennis
balls.
Vic called out, "Who you talking to over
there?" And he came storming into the
lobby like a thundercloud. He pointed at
Sheriff Blato and demanded, "Who the
hell is this? What is he a gnome? What
the Why the [__] is there a gnome out
here, Billy?" Blatto gave my boss a look
of weathered contempt. He said, "My name
is Sheriff Blato. I'm an agent of law
enforcement in the service of Murkus,
king of the sprites. Vic rumbled. You're
a pig, ain't you? Then why are you here,
baby bacon? You get a warrant from the
sprite king, huh? You're not go [__]
yourself. You ain't welcome here.
I was horrified. I asked, "Dic, you you
can't talk to him like that." Vic
snared. Sure I can. Why not? I got no
respect for cops. The whole reason for
this existence is to be a huge pain in
my ass. [__] them all. Blato jabbed his
finger in the air between them and
retorted, "If you weren't such a low
life, you wouldn't have had to worry
about the law. You're an infamous
scoundrel, Victor Bonachelli. The spirit
world will not be kind to you." Vic
grinned at me and said, "Yeah, you see
that, Billy? Even the sprites know about
Victor Bonachelli. Look, Flatfoot, I
don't know why you're here, but I got
the situation under control. Don't let
the door hit your ass on the way out."
Blau gave him a serene look and replied,
"Billy was about to be murdered. By the
order of King Murkus, I can't allow that
to happen. Billy is one of his royal
subjects." Vic gaped at him for a
second, his lips twitching as he tried
to make sense of the information.
He wheezed. [__] what? What the What
you talking about, Blippo? This guy This
[__] guy right here. What the hell
did that happen?
Blato gave him a cold stare. He said,
"King Murka sees value in his existence.
I'm sworn to protect his life." Vic
suddenly looked a bit uneasy.
He put on a greasy smile and boom. No.
Hell, I wasn't going to hurt him. I'm
pretty steamed at the goofy little [__]
right now, but I wasn't going to hurt
the guy. I was just trying to use him to
lure a ghost in no trap. This ghost I'm
talking about now. He's a real
scoundrel, right? I was going to, you
know, contain him, make sure he couldn't
hurt nobody else. What are you going to
do, Johnny Law Man? You going to kill
him or something?
The gnome replied crisply, "No, I can't
do that. He's already dead. My presence
was all that was needed here tonight.
The fiend is already gone."
Vic looked deeply disappointed. With his
nutgun dangling at his side in a
dejected manner, he asked, "Zoe, is that
it? Guy's gone forever?"
Batto snorted. He's a ghost. He can
disappear and come back at will. When he
does, if it's necessary, of course, I'll
prevent him from taking Billy's life.
That's about all I can do. Spirits can't
be punished by the laws of the living.
The dead rule their own house. Lotto
turned to me with a solemn expression.
He said, "Take care, Billy. Continue to
be good in heart and good in deeds.
Never be afraid to do what's right." He
shot a disgruntled glance at Vic before
turning his back on him. He said,
"Victor Bonachelli, it was not a
pleasure to meet you. Change your ways,
sir, and make amends to those you've
wronged. Vick snile, get [__] and shot
him the finger as he walked off into the
darkness.
Before he disappeared,
Blotto called out, "There is a mess of
severed heads and body parts out here.
Your men, I presume? Is this what you
refer to as having the situation under
control? What a shameful display. You're
not a leader, Victor. You're a dictator.
Vic yelled some colorful insults back at
him, but Blotto was already gone.
Vic whirled around and glared at me with
bloodshot eyes. He snapped, "Get back
out there, Billy. We ain't done yet."
Some of those guys, they were connected
to the family, and that's going to be at
least three more funerals I got to
cover. Coffin, burial costs, flowers,
catering for the reception after it,
more envelopes, all that [__] You cost
me a fortune a night, I'm getting it
back one way or another.
Quietly, I said,
"No, I'm done here. I don't belong. I'm
just I can't keep doing this [__] you
know? I'm sorry, man. I'm [__] done.
I'll stay until the end of my shift and
I'm gone. My life's completely [__]
It's all because of this zoo. I want my
old life back. I want things to be
normal again." Vic grunted. Nope. No can
do, kiddo. You know too much you know
about me. That's bad enough. You also
know about the monsters and that's even
worse. You know too [__] much in
general. That can't happen. We're
sticking to the original plan, kid. And
you better pray that ghost comes back to
finish the job cuz I need him.
My resolve was already crumbling.
I could see Cass lurking in the doorway
from the corner of my eye, silently
watching,
judging me. No doubt. In a wavering
voice, I squeaked.
You can't hurt me, Vic. I have the
protection of the Sprite King.
There's nothing stopping me. I'm
I trailed off as a huge enormous
realization surfaced in my mind. I was
virtually death proof. Nothing could
kill me. My guardian gnome would put a
stop to it by any means. That chemical
euphoria surged in my veins, and I
cackled, "I'm I'm invulnerable now,
[__] Watch this." I sprinted
directly at the wall, much to my dismay.
I slammed into the concrete and hurt
myself quite terribly.
My face hit the wall with a horrible
smack and I saw a flash of light behind
my eyes. I tumbled to the floor, my nose
spewing a violent gush of blood, and I
clapped my hands over my face.
Vic looked down at me, his expression
somewhat between startled and amused. He
poked me with a net gun and chuckled. He
never said you couldn't get hurt, you
[__] fry head, especially if you're
the one doing the hurting. But your tiny
gnome cop did say you couldn't get
killed. The big difference.
Vic hauled me to my feet. He pulled a
wad of tissues from his robe and stuffed
them into my hands. And clean yourself
up. I got allergies, so I always carry a
bunch of tissues around. Hey, they ain't
been used. All right. They're all mashed
up in my pocket, that's all. It's not
like I was jerking into him or
something. What are you taking me for?
Come on, wipe your face.
Vic leaned closer and squinted at me in
the dim light. He murmured. All right,
let's see. Nah, your nose ain't broken.
Told you them drugs mess up your brain.
Just look at a skin walker. That guy's
That guy's a burnout.
Spend most of his time staring at lava
lamp blowing smoke rings. You don't want
to end up like that. The gush of blood
from my nose was violent, but it was
brief. I shoved the bloody wad of
tissues into a pouch in my utility belt
and said,
"I don't want to end up like that
because I'm leaving." I started to walk
away and Vic called after me. Then
didn't say nothing about other people,
did he? I froze in my tracks. I then
stomped over to face him. My hands were
clenched in the fists. I demanded, "What
do you mean by that?" Vic gave me an
exaggerated shrug. What do you think I
mean? I'm just saying he never mentioned
nothing about protecting anyone but you.
So I guess I could turn my attention to
someone else, right?
Someone important to you.
I felt the blood drain from my face. I
sputtered. You do that, Vic. And I'll
I'll Vic roar. You'll do what? Tough
guy. Huh? Would you go to the public
about the zoo? You have any idea what
would happen to the cryptids if you blew
the whistle? No. No. Neither do I, but I
bet you it wouldn't be good. What else
you got? Huh? You're rant me for being a
gangster, huh? You think the cops
already know about that? Of course they
do. They just got to be able to prove it
in the court of law. They can't do that.
They tried. Believe me,
I snarled. I I I'd kill you if that's
what I had to do. I I'd find a way. Vic
sneered. Oh, speak of the laws. You're a
royal subject, so you got to follow the
rules of your kingdom. You know, I know
the laws of the fay almost as good as
our own, kid. I know for a fact you
ain't allowed to commit no murder.
Killing for revenge is also strictly
forbidden. If you managed to take me out
somehow, well, you'd find yourself
sitting for a jury of peers. Only thing
is those so-called peers would all be
gnomes and fairies and [__] like that.
The fa folk don't like us very much.
Most of them think we're all pieces of
[__] They'd pronounce you guilty and
you'd be dangling by the neck for
sunrise.
That little tidbit shut me up right
smartly.
I hadn't given much thought about what
it meant to be a royal subject. Of
course, it would be my civic duty to
uphold and obey their laws. Vic saw the
blood drained from my face and he gave
me an unpleasant smile. He said, "You
know, there's a place I know, a farm out
in the middle of nowhere and 200 acres,
corn fields, woods. I do whatever I want
to out there.
No one will hear or see a thing.
anything you could imagine.
You'd never know what happened to him
and it would eat you alive.
A sludgy wave of despair rolled over my
soul. As predicted, I [__] it all up.
I didn't save Catherine. Hell, I didn't
even save myself. Instead, my
scatterbrain [__] got a bunch of
people killed.
Didn't matter if they're good people or
bad people. By the way, their blood was
on my hands. My friends were all in hot
water for helping me out. And now my
parents were in danger, too. On top of
all of that, a random necromancer from
Damascus wanted me dead. And and the
spirit of a perverted serial killer also
wanted to kill me. The fact that they
would be unable to accomplish this goal
was somewhat comforting, but still, no
one likes it when other people want them
to die. It's a huge bummer.
Despite my best efforts, I somehow kept
making things worse at every turn.
There's simply no way out from beneath
Victor Bonali's looming thumb. I was
stuck.
Vic patted me on the shoulder. He said,
"I ain't mad at you, kid. I mean, I'm
mad, sure, but not like mad mad. You
know, I'm a bad guy. Don't mean I'm
stupid. I can see you trying to do the
right thing, you know. Just forget about
all that crap, okay? Forget about right
and wrong. Come in, do your shift, make
your money, enjoy your life. It's all
you got to do. Let's catch this freaking
ghost who will forget any of this ever
happened.
Our conversation was interrupted by a
scream from inside the reception area.
Cass pulled out a squirt gun and yelled
over his shoulder, "Victor, come
quickly."
Vic and I both hustled into the room. I
felt his malignant presence before I saw
it. He was the bookman. He had Miss
Delilah clutched in front of him, and he
was holding his knife against her
throat. The skin walker was hunched
against the side of the pool, bearing
his fangs in a wide snarl. He was too
injured to do anything else. The bookman
showed his rotting teeth in a learing
grin. He said, "I shant be withered away
behind the walls of your prison, Mr.
Bonichelli.
At the end of days, I will rule the
chaos at my master's side. Drop the
infernal contraption in your hands or
the nymph will lose her head.
I screamed, "Let her go." and tried to
rush him. Cass grabbed me and dragged me
back. He whispered into my ear, "Think
before you act. You need a plan." The
bookman smirked at me and said, "Your
life is safe from all but the immortals.
This is true. But as Mr. Bonachelli
shrewdely pointed out, "This protection
does not extend to someone you love.
There is only one thing you can do to
save her, Billy. You must forever
silence your own tongue. Take your own
life and I will allow her to live. You
can't speak my name faster than I can
cut her throat." Zick shouted, "Yeah, go
[__] yourself, douchebag. We don't
negotiate with no terrorists." Miss
Dalia was frozen with fear. I could see
a thin trickle of red oozing from the
spot where the knife had pressed into
her neck. She was strong, but the
bookman was much stronger. She
whimpered. Don't do it, Billy. My life
isn't worth more than yours. Vic
hollered. What? You better believe your
life is worth more than this idiot.
Hell, you cost me almost a million
bucks, lady.
The bookman's eyes blazed in their
cavernous sockets. He said, "The Fay do
not have a place in a spirit world. You
will never see her again.
Vic was beside himself with rage. He
dropped the net gun and screamed, "Let
her go, [__] I I'll fight you right
now, man." Man, [__] come get some,
[__]
I felt like I was going to throw up. A
plan? I I needed my dumb [__] brain
to spin up a plan. What? What could I
do? What? I looked over where Falling
say I was crouched against Miss Delila's
pool, and I suddenly it suddenly
clicked. I turned to Vic and mumbled,
"I'll be right back." I walked over to
stand next to Falling Sky and announced,
"Well, this is it. You won, Mr. Bookman.
I'll see you on the other side." Falling
Sky gave me a questioning look. I patted
his furry head and told him, "Don't
worry, man. I'm going to visit your
ancestors real quick."
I shot a meaningful glance at Miss
Delilah. And then flipped over the side
and fell into the pool. My heavy boots
and kevlar suit dragged me to the
bottom. I thought, "Oh, here goes
nothing." And I let the hazy water rush
into my lungs.
It was a horrible feeling. I thrashed
around to the bottom for a while and I
felt myself fading away. And then
I was gone.
I was in the spirit world.
As usual, I was greeted by a dense,
lifeless fog in every direction. This
was the veil of my own ignorance,
obscuring the truth and clouding my
sight. In the spirit world, you don't
perceive your surroundings with your
eyes. You see them through your mind.
So, I imagined a time long before my own
pionators ever set foot in the new
world. There was no roads, no cities, no
pizza parlors or movie theaters. The
entire continent was an unspoiled
landscape of arid plains and deep
forests, tall mountains and flowing
rivers.
This was the world that belonged to the
ancestors of falling sky.
I hollered into the burning sun.
Ancestors of falling sky, c can you hear
me?
The whispering wind broke my ear. The
voice sounded suspiciously like a bunch
of Navajo warriors who are barely able
to contain their laughter. It said,
"Billy Whiteb Bread, the demon slayer.
You speared the succubus, and you live
to tell the tale." A small crowd of
Falling Sky ancestors gathered around
me, all of them grinning from ear to
ear. One of them explained, "Here he is,
boys. The man, the myth, the legend."
They all started laughing and elbowing
each other. I waved my hands frantically
to shush them and said, "Look, look, I
don't have much time, okay? I'm dead
right now. Hopefully that changes in a
minute or two, but I need a favor from
you guys."
I was approached by the tall, somberl
looking warrior I had spoken to last
time. He gripped my hand and said,
"Anything for the demon slayer. Teach us
your ways, oh great, mighty hunter.
Teach us how to pull some of that demon
booty."
That got them all cracking up again.
Someone called out from the back of the
crowd, "That must have been crazy,
right? Give us the details."
I shushed them again, and I spoke
urgently about a wolf who disguised
himself as a shepherd. They explained
what I would do if I was allowed to
return to the living. Their rowdy good
cheers soured as I spoke to them, and it
morphed into smoldering rage. The tall
warrior gave me a grave nod and said,
"It would be our pleasure.
We'll be waiting." I gave him my
sincerest thanks, and I was suddenly
coughing up a lungful of water.
I was lying on the floor in our
reception area, and Miss Dalia was
looking down at me with tears in her
eyes. She gasped. I did it. He's
breathing. Vic's broad, sweaty face
loomed in view. He rased. You crazy son
of a [__] I was pretty smart, you know
that? That was really freaking clever. I
drew in a painful lung of air, and I was
racked by another coughing fet.
When it was over, I cried.
"Where is he?" Vic motioned to the
ceiling with a sad look in his eyes.
"He's gone." Back to the spirit world, I
guess. Burns my ass. I didn't get him
for the zoo. But it ain't over yet. If
you ain't dead, I'm sure I'll be back.
Here's what I'm thinking. Okay, he'll
put you in a big cage made with silver.
You know, I rig up a bunch of those net
guns, motion sensors. When he comes in
to get you, boom, he's mine. No worry.
I'll put a cot in there so you can
sleep. Chemical toilet. Yeah. Curtain,
comfy chair, maybe a TV. They don't
sound terrible, but it won't be so bad.
Do you like those video games? Yeah. You
your young people, they love the the
video games. Am I right? I'll get you
one of those game consoles I see in the
commercial. Yeah. How does that sound?
I dragged in another tortured breath and
I choked. The book man is William Finley
Krenshaw. He murders women and children.
He murdered Catherine.
A demented howl of rage emanated from
the thin air around us, and it was
silent again. Vic's eyes widened in
shock. He dropped to his knees and
grabbed me by the arms. He sputtered,
"You little piece of [__] What'd you do
that for? After everything I told you in
the lobby. Why?
Because Catherine doesn't deserve any
more ping. I wheezed. I started coughing
again. Victor jumped up and roared. A
[__] hell. Poltergeist.
He scrambled out the door and broke into
a heavy set jog. He was heading for the
employee entrance to the service
tunnels. After he was gone, everyone
stared at me with a kind of morbid
fascination. I pulled myself to my feet
by the edge of the pool and I demanded
what?
What are you people looking at?
Cass murmured. That was very brave,
Billy Whitebred. But your bravery will
cost you dearly.
I chuckled a bit to myself, still
clinging to the retaining wall of the
pool. Without looking at him, I asked,
"Is it you, Cass? Are you the snitch?
Tell me the truth, man." Cass silently
weighed his answer.
Quietly he said, "Sometimes things are
not as they first appear. Remember
that."
I replied, "Well, I really hope it's not
you, Cass, cuz I'll tell you something,
man.
I don't know if I believe that."
There was another uncomfortable silence.
Cass was looking at me with that stoic
nonexpression, unreadable and
unknowable. The tension was broken by
the sound of Vic slippers clapping
rapidly across the marble floor. Falling
Sky backed away into a corner, his fur
standing on end. He said, "The time of
reckoning has come, Billy Whitebred. Be
brave. Pray for the best." Vic burst
into the room and hollered, "You dirty
[__] [__] She's gone.
You little prick. I can't find her. She
got released into the spirit world. Now
she's gone."
I closed my eyes and breathed. She's
free.
Rest in peace, little angel. Vic, almost
purple with rage. He hauled out his
pistol and started aiming it at me. And
then he let loose a scream of rage and
threw it instead. And the gun sailed
over my head and clattered across the
floor. He roared, "I'll kill your mom
and dad. I'll kill your aunts and
uncles. I I'll kill your freaking
kindergarten teacher. You sack of dog
[__] [__] you."
Calmly, I replied,
"I don't think you will, Vic." Vic
charged across the room to loom over me,
breathing in huffs and snorts like a
bull. He barked. Oh, is that so? Why the
[__] not? Tough guy, huh? Who's going to
stop me?
I answered gently.
Nolan,
just you. Cuz you know what was wrong? I
mean, you're a bad guy, but
you're still a human being. You have a
heart in there somewhere. You have a
conscience.
She's free now, Vic. Let her go. Let her
be free.
Vic stared down at me, his eye
twitching.
Slowly, the crimson flush of red drained
from his face
and his breathing returned to normal.
He murmured.
You ballsy little bastard. I
Oh, I can't [__] believe you. I can't
[__] it.
Okay. Nah,
sure. I guess I made my investment back
over the years. I I can't deny it.
Made it back in spades. And that's the
only thing that's going to save you
here. You get it? Doing what's right
that'll mean [__] to me, Billy. It's
dollars and cents first, then pride, and
that's it. Everything else is [__]
His mouth silently moved as he tried to
work out what he wanted to say next. But
Vic wasn't the kind of guy who could
easily convey his emotions with words.
Finally, he threw up his hands and
exclaimed, "Fuck me. There's something
else. I can't [__] believe you, kid.
You actually [__] died for Miss Dolly
over there. What am I supposed to say to
that? Huh? I mean, [__] What am I? Hey,
the [__] happened to you?"
I shifted uncomfortably under his
searching eyes.
I shrugged and said, "Lost it on the
other side. It's It's dangerous over
there. Vic made a disgusted noise in his
throat. And you know what? Whatever. I
don't even care what happened. Just
leave, okay? Go home for the rest of the
week. I don't want to see your stupid
face again till next Monday. You turned
to the others and said, "Rest of you
guys, go back to wherever you're
supposed to be. [__] stay there. This
ain't over, by the way. I don't know how
I'm going to handle this [__] just
yet. This ain't over. Miss Dalia, get
your lion ass back into the water. Cass,
take the skinwalker to his habitat. Go
back to the front entrance when you're
done, and I'm going to call in some
people, clean up this mess in the lobby,
and you're going to help him pick up the
pieces.
Vic looked back at me and growled.
Yeah, what you standing there for,
idiot? You change? Get the [__] out.
As I was walking to the door, Miss Dalia
suddenly came running after me. She gave
me a brief tight little hug and
whispered into my mutilated ear. You're
a hero, Billy. Go home and get some
rest. You deserve it. Vic shouted,
"That's enough of all that mushy stuff.
All right, I told you I don't approve.
Get out of my sight, Billy."
I walked across the lobby with the
sensation of Miss Dalia's sweet breath
still tingling in my brain.
I had already fallen deeply and
desperately in love with her. I'd never
been in love before.
Felt amazing. Felt like fizzy bubbles in
the pit of my stomach.
The glow in my chest couldn't erase the
trauma from the unspeakable horrors I'd
faced that night. But
I'm not going to lie,
came pretty damn close.
Love is light. Drives the shadows back
to the corners of your soul.
And love is life.
Love is everything.
I was still too [__] up to drive, so I
left my car in the parking lot and
started walking. Vic remotely buzzed the
gate open from his office. He flicked on
the intercom and his voice crackled. I'm
going to tow your piece of [__] car to
the dealership. You can come get it
after work on Monday night. Hit the
road. The walk home was long and
strange. I traversed a twisting
landscape of shimmering street lights
and dangling stars. By the time I got
there, I was starting to come down from
the tea. It was an immense relief to be
almost sober again. I was incredibly
tired and I felt worn out right down to
my skeleton. I was ready to sleep for a
thousand years. To my surprise, I found
Len waiting for me outside my apartment
building. I hadn't seen or spoken to him
in weeks.
I tentatively said, "Hey, man. How are
you?" Haven't seen you in a while. Not
Not since then.
I let the rest of it hang in the air
between us. He pitched a cigarette into
the street and rumbled. Long time no
see. You really [__] me over that day,
Billy.
Me? I'm not the kind of guy who lets
that sort of [__] slide.
Neither's Victor.
I grimaced and said, "Yeah, I get that.
I'm sorry about what happened, man.
Like, for real, but I had to see Cass.
You know, I had to make sure he was
going to be okay. [__] guy was
playing Russian roulette for crying out
loud.
Len gave me a sour smile. He let out a
deep breath and said, "Yeah, I get it.
You're a decent kid. You ain't no little
[__] Never would have thought and be
looking at you.
Know what they say about books in their
covers."
He put a heavy hand on my shoulder and
cleared his throat. Anyway, I'm not here
to make small talk. I just had a
conversation with your guardian. You
know, the little gnome with the badge. I
explained the whole situation to him in
further detail. Long story short, we
worked something out. I I gave him a
weary look and asked, "What do you mean?
What did you?" Len suddenly yanked me
closer and he drove his knee square into
my balls. The impact almost lifted me
off the sidewalk. The pain was a jolt of
electricity to every fiber of my being.
I dropped like a stone. Len said. That
was for the [__] you pulled tonight at
the zoom. Dumb [__] move, kid. Real
dumb. Len reached down and delivered a
resounding slap across the top of my
head. Stars exploded behind my eyes. And
that's for screwing me over. You don't
[__] with Len and expect to get away
with it. You're lucky I can't kill you,
[__] cuz I would strangle you with
my bare hands. Don't you ever [__] with
me again.
Len walked away without uttering another
word, leaving me to rise around in agony
on the sidewalk.
When I could finally stand again, I
lurched into the building and hauled
myself up the stairs to my apartment. I
pried a bag of frozen peas out of the
iceberg in my freezer.
I rested it against my crotch in bed.
All the good feelings were gone. I
plunked a pillow over my face to help
block out the rising sun. And
I cried myself to sleep.
So, what became of the bookb, you ask?
Well, I'm pretty sure I witnessed his
fate in my dreams. The ancestors were
waiting for him, just as they had
promised. They surrounded him in a
circle as he cowed, begging for mercy.
They pulled out their daggers one by
one. The ghostly warriors took turns
carving out a piece of flesh, an eye,
his nose, a couple of fingers, his [__]
After everyone had their turn, the
shrieking, butchered mess of a man
became whole once more. Because no one
can die in the spirit world. When he was
fully healed, they did it again
and again.
I also saw Catherine in my dreams. She
was running through a sunlit meadow with
childish delight, and her head was still
on top of her neck where it belonged.
She was accompanied by a whirling
entourage of songirds and butterflies.
She waved to me and
and then she was gone,
skipping through the long grass into the
horizon.
She wasn't in pain anymore.
She was at peace.
[Music]
I had fallen asleep crying in wretched
misery, but I woke up with tears of joy
streaming down my face.
Was it all worth it? Yeah,
I'd do it again in a heartbeat.
I may have been a hero that night, but a
hero's story doesn't always have a
dignified ending. Reality is sloppy and
painful. Sometimes heroes [__] up and
get me in the balls. All you can do is
drag yourself off the sidewalk, put a
bag of frozen veggies on your swollen
nuts, and
cry yourself to sleep.
Because a hero isn't someone who always
wins, dear reader.
A hero is someone who tries to do what's
right,
no matter the cost.
And if you're lucky,
the universe
will allow you to wake up to a better
tomorrow.
If you enjoyed hearing the bookman or
any other tales from Bonesaw Vic's
Cryptozoological Garden, please check
out the link in the description down
below to TWW Grim's Patreon. Supporting
him on Patreon allows him to be able to
write more parts like this as little
side stories for Bonesaw Vic and also
allows him to write Bonesaw Vic. So,
thank you all so much for listening and
sweet dreams. Thank you guys so much for
being supporters. That goes for
everybody who was down in the
description as well as acet system, ball
arms the rat, Blake Rattler, Brandon
Mendoza, Ren Crow, Brimstone,
Panimmonium, Caluna, Shane Smoker Deer,
Chicago Hitman, Cory Genchin, Cronut 58,
Crusader Chocoo, Curs Primark, Dakota
Best Pollson, Dante Concincaid, Diana
Krauss, Ellie Hutmire, Enchanted Buns,
Estamine, Jenna Holly, Hades Nephew,
Timo Jerry, Hour Minute Seconds Time,
Jay Kees, Janice Pet, Jordan Humble,
King Crab, Mr. Marcus Blitz, Old
Penguin, Peaceful Buddha, Psychomel, Red
Shadow Cat, Remember the Sun, Rinku
Star, Salty Surprise, Samine, Selude,
Simba's Buddy Mojo, Sky Harbor, Smiley
Psychotic, Sully Man, Talisu, The Chavez
Brothers. Thank you so much. And
honestly, thank you to everybody, even
those guys that are in there for just
$1. It really helps me out. Once again,
that's patreon.com/mrcypasta.
Or if you guys like to just listen,
honestly, that helps me out a lot, too.
Thank you guys so much for being here.
Thank you for listening. Thank you for
watching. In sweet dreams.
[Music]